Jaguar unveils electric vehicle 1:38am IST - 00:59 
Jaguar's I-PACE boasts a driving range on par with that of Tesla's Model X. The auto maker says it'll carry a lower price tag. Fred Katayama   
The real star of this show - not the headturners from Hollywood such as Miranda Kerr and James Corden but rather the I-PACE concept sport utility. Jaguar unveiled its first all-electric vehicle Tuesday night at a red carpet event. Jaguar's legendary designer Ian Callum: SOUNDBITE: IAN CALLUM, DIRECTOR OF DESIGN, JAGUAR, (ENGLISH) SAYING: "We within Jaguar design and engineering feel that we have to have an electric car because that's where the future is going to hold. We have a very dynamic engineering design team very ambitious, and we looked to the future and said, this is the only way we are going to do this. So, we did it." Equipped with motors putting out 400 horsepower, the I-PACE boasts a driving range of 220 miles per charge. That's roughly the same range as Tesla's Model X. Jaguar says its vehicle will carry a "much lower price point" than the Model X. Jaguar aims to produce the car in 2018.  //reut.rs/2ghPo01
NUEVOTEXTO
Market News | Wed Nov 16, 2016 | 9:33am EST BRIEF-NHTSA says JLR North America recalling certain model year 2013-2015 Jaguar XF vehicles 
Nov 16 National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) 
* Says Jaguar Land Rover North America recalling certain model year 2013-2015 Jaguar XF vehicles manufactured may 22, 2013, to June 15, 2015 
* Says recall by Jaguar Land Rover North America of certain model year 2013-2015 Jaguar XF vehicles is expected to begin December 19, 2016 
* Says affected vehicles may have insufficient clearance between underfloor fuel delivery lines and under shield and body allowing fuel lines to chafe Source text for Eikon: ( bit.ly/2fVhKtO ) Further company coverage: Next In Market News 
NUEVOTEXTO
Atari Jaguar Rom Collection Reupload By Dataghost Item Preview There Is No Preview Available For This Item 
This item does not appear to have any files that can be experienced on Archive.org. Please download files in this item to interact with them on your computer.
NUEVOTEXTO
F-Pace Jaguar I-Pace Profile 
Developed on a new architecture, the Jaguar I-Pace Concept promises to not only fully exploit the potential EVs can offer in space utilisation, driving pleasure and performance. The all-electric Jaguar SUV's twin-electric motors and 90kWh lithium-ion battery pack were designed in-house by Jaguar Land Rover. The all-wheel-drive I-Pace gets electric motors on the front and rear axles that offer a combined output of 395bhp and 700Nm of torque - the same torque rating as the F-TYPE SVR. Jaguar I-Pace Rear 
While plugging the car into a wall socket overnight endows it with a range of around 50 km, a full charge of two hours, using a typical public 50 KW DC charging network, a is enough for the I-Pace to deliver more than 500 km range (measured on the European NEDC test cycle). 
Callum further added, "The interior of the I-PACE Concept is finished with beautiful, premium materials and an unwavering attention to detail. Throughout the interior you will discover a host of beautiful details to surprise and delight. From the expansive panoramic glass roof to the sporting, beautifully finished seats, every feature bears the hallmark of British craftsmanship. And there is digital craftsmanship too, with two touch screens serving up information when and where you need it, limiting distraction and improving the driving experience." Jaguar I-Pace Dashboard 
While this is a production preview of the Jaguar I-PACE, the carmaker will reveal the model next year. However, interested folks can now register their interest for the upcoming Brit all-electric SUV at the company's official website.
NUEVOTEXTO
Intel | Sun Nov 6, 2016 | 6:02am EST Preview: Jaguars at Chiefs 
The Kansas City Chiefs hope an opportunistic defense and a stout home-field advantage will help them overcome some major injury woes when they host the Jacksonville Jaguars on Sunday. The Chiefs aim for their fourth straight win overall and 10th in a row at home while the Jaguars hope to avoid their third consecutive loss. 
The Chiefs will be short-handed on offense, as quarterback Alex Smith will be inactive and running back Spencer Ware is doubtful as both go through the NFL’s concussion protocol. Nick Foles will make his first start under center for Kansas City, although he has experience in coach Andy Reid’s offense from their time together in Philadelphia. The Jaguars hope to see improvement on offense after firing coordinator Greg Olson following a 36-22 loss to Tennessee in Week 8. “I just felt like the offense needed to be stimulated more in certain areas," Jaguars coach Gus Bradley told reporters. “I looked at it and said, 'You know what? Offensively, I'm not sure what's going to change next week.’ I just didn't feel where we were going. I just couldn't grasp in my mind that the results were going to change if we continue going in this direction." 
TV: 1 p.m. ET, CBS. LINE: Chiefs -7.5. O/U: 44 
ABOUT THE JAGUARS (2-5): Jacksonville’s offense has yet to top 400 total yards in a game and ranks 23rd in scoring and 26th in total offense, in large part because of one of the league’s least-productive ground attacks. Third-year quarterback Blake Bortles has put up decent numbers but also has thrown nine interceptions and hopes to see improvement after spending time tweaking his mechanics with private coach Adam Dedeaux. The defense is a major concern for the Jaguars, who gave up 494 total yards – 214 on the ground – against the Titans and have not forced a turnover in their last three games. 
ABOUT THE CHIEFS (5-2): Foles performed well when pressed into action last week, passing for 223 yards and two touchdowns in a 30-14 win at Indianapolis, but he could have a tougher time if the Chiefs can’t establish the run. With Jamaal Charles back on injured reserve following another knee surgery and Ware unlikely to play, Charcandrick West is set to carry the load. The offense might not need to do much if the defense performs the way it did last week, holding the Colts to 277 total yards – the second time in the last three games the Chiefs have held the opposition under 300 yards. 
EXTRA POINTS 
1. The Chiefs lead the NFL with 11 interceptions, including a league-high five by second-year CB Marcus Peters. 
2. Bortles has thrown for fewer than 75 yards in the first half of the last two games, as the Jaguars have been outscored 47-6 before halftime in losses to Oakland and Tennessee. 
3. Kansas City WR Tyreek Hill leads NFL rookies with four touchdown receptions, including one in each of his last two games. 
PREDICTION: Chiefs 24, Jaguars 16 Next In Intel 
NUEVOTEXTO
Jaguar Reveals EV Concept Car in VR Jaguar Reveals EV Concept Car in VR More than 300 viewers experienced the car being built piece-by-piece around them. 
Jaguar this week unveiled its first all-electric concept car—with a twist. 
More than 300 VIP guests (including James Corden, Miranda Kerr, and Gavin Rossdale) strapped on VR headsets to watch a virtual revealing of the I-PACE Concept Vehicle . 
Powered by HTC Vive headsets and Dell Precision workstations, participants experienced the car being built piece-by-piece around them, speeding toward them across a desert, and appearing to fall to Earth from space. 
"The I-PACE Concept represents the next generation of electric vehicle design," Ian Callum, director of design, said in a statement . "Our virtual reality reveal … has pushed technology boundaries as well." 
While the company's sole concept vehicle awaits its global debut at next week's Los Angeles Auto Show, the unique "social VR" unveiling allowed Jaguar to share its vision "across the globe in the most immersive way possible," Callum said. 
The I-PACE Concept is the "start of a new era," according to the luxury car maker, which tipped a production preview next year, ahead of a 2018 consumer launch. It's possible to register at jaguarusa.com if you want to be one of the first I-PACE owners. 
A smart sports car and performance SUV in one, the five-seater boasts two electric motors with a combined output of 900 horsepower, plus a 90kWh lithium-ion battery pack. Using a public 50kWh DC rapid charging network, it takes just over two hours of charging for an estimated 220 miles of range. 
"This is an uncompromised electric vehicle designed from a clean sheet of paper: we've developed a new architecture and selected only the best technology available," Wolfgang Ziebart, technical design director at Jaguar Land Rover, said. "The I-PACE Concept fully exploits the potential EVs can offer in space utilization, driving pleasure, and performance." 
The virtual reality experience— available on the Viveport app store through a dedicated Jaguar mobile app—also allows folks to explore inside the vehicle, uncovering hidden details and features. 
"Throughout the interior you will discover a host of beautiful details to surprise and delight," Callum said, tipping an "expansive panoramic glass roof" and "sporting, beautifully finished seats." // Related Articles Autonomous Off-Roading? Jaguar Land Rover Is Making it Happen 
"And there is digital craftsmanship too, with two touch screens serving up information when and where you need it, limiting distraction and improving the driving experience," he added. 
Final specifications, design, equipment, and accessories have not been determined, so buyers can expect I-PACE production vehicles to differ from what Jaguar shows off this month. 
Pricing and figures for acceleration, power, speed, range, and charging are also estimates. However, Jaguar expects the I-PACE to achieve 0-60mph in around 4 seconds.
NUEVOTEXTO
World Debut: Jaguar Unveils All-Electric I-Pace SUV The four-door, five-seat SUV will go on sale in 2018. Hannah Elliott November 14, 2016 — 11:30 PM EST 
Monday at a private party in Los Angeles, Jaguar unveiled its first all-electric vehicle, the I-Pace Concept. 
The four-door, five-seat SUV, which will go on sale in 2018, runs off a liquid-cooled 90kWh lithium battery pack that gets 220 miles of driving on one charge. Jaguar executives said the vehicle will produce the equivalent of 400hp and achieve 516 pounds-feet of torque. 
The I-Pace runs off a liquid-cooled 90kWh lithium battery pack that gets 220 miles of driving on one charge. Photographer: Hannah Elliott/Bloomberg 
This is the first all-electric vehicle Jaguar has produced, but not the first time the company has dabbled in harnessing electric power. Jaguar revealed the hybrid electric Project C-X75 concept in 2010 at the Paris Motor Show; the supercar could hit 60mph in less than three seconds and hit 100mph in less than six seconds—in theory, at least. Top speed exceeded 200mph. 
While Project C-X75 was never slated for actual production, Jaguar says I-Pace will hit the market in nearly the same form in which reporters saw it today. The company hopes to tap into the electric vehicle market that hit a half-million sales globally last year, according to Jaguar press statements. 
The all-electric vehicle will produce the equivalent of 400hp and achieve 516 pounds-feet of torque. Photographer: Hannah Elliott/Bloomberg 
Hours before the official launch party, Jaguar design director Ian Callum led private press previews in L.A. and London, including a virtual reality presentation that allowed reporters to "look" all around its exterior and interior workings. 
Hard details remain scarce, especially considering the lack of tactile feedback that VR provides, but the inside includes lightweight slim seats and a sport driving position for the driver. The dashboard seemed to have touch screens and a relatively minimal aesthetic, with broad visibility on the sides and above the driver. (There was some grumbling in the ranks about the impossibility of taking notes and asking questions during a lengthy VR presentation, but Jaguar deserves praise for its creativity in running a refreshingly unique preview.) 
The I-Pace includes seating for five people. Photographer: Hannah Elliott/Bloomberg 
During the presentation, Callum described the I-Pace as having more in common with that precursor hybrid supercar than it does with conventional crossovers and SUVs. Magnetic electric motors at the front and rear axles of the car deliver all-wheel-drive-like traction and aggressive acceleration—the I-Pace will be able to hit 60mph in fewer than 4 seconds, which falls behind Elon Musk’s Tesla Model X P100D in Ludicrous mode but 2 seconds faster than the baseline Model X 75D. 
Thanks to the absence of a combustion engine and transmission tunnel running through the center of its body, the silhouette of the car is sleeker and lower than conventional SUVS, with increased interior space and improved driver visibility behind the wheel. 
The I-Pace is slated to being production in 2017 and go on sale in 2018. Photographer: Hannah Elliott/Bloomberg 
I-Pace will be able to reach 80 percent full power in 90 minutes on a home charger. 
Jaguar has declined to say what the price of the new SUV might be, but consumers can expect to shop it against the $88,800 Tesla Model X, $78,700 Porsche Cayenne Hybrid, and $62,100 BMW X5 xDrive40e. 
The I-Pace is the same length of a mid-size SUV, but Jaguar says it is meant to evoke a driving experience similar to a sports scar. Photographer: Hannah Elliott/Bloomberg 
The I-Pace looks sleeker and with a lower roofline than most modern luxury crossovers. Source: Jaguar 
NUEVOTEXTO
Bolts zap Jaguars in Recoletos hoop SHARES: 09:04 PM November 10th, 2016 Recommended By: James Nicole Franz R. Savellon , November 10th, 2016 09:04 PM 
THE Meralco Bolts earned their second victory by nipping the Cebu Landmasters/University of San Jose – Recoletos (USJ-R) Jaguars, 92-61, in the Recoletos Invitational Cup at the USJR Coliseum Thursday night. 
Meralco big man Rabeh Al-Hussaini led the team with 16 points. Jonathan Grey added 12 markers. 
Tricky Peromingan top scored for the Landmasters with 13 points, while RJ Dinolan chipped in 12 points. ADVERTISEMENT 
The competition ends today with a double-header at the same venue. 
The Landmasters battle the University of the Visayas (UV) Green Lancers at 5 p.m., while the the Bolts and the NLEX Road Warriors collide at 7p.m. FOLLOW INQUIRER ON: 
NUEVOTEXTO
Home | International Business | Green Drive: Half Of Jaguar Land Rover New Cars Will Have Electric option By 2020 The company said cleaner diesel and petrol engines and plug-in hybrid vehicles were also part of its plans. Thomson Reuters | Last Updated: November 17, 2016 11:58 (IST) Thomson Reuters EMAIL COMMENTS Half of all new Jaguar Land Rover vehicles will be available in an electric version by the end of the decade, Britain's biggest carmaker said on Wednesday, after showcasing its first electric car this week.The automaker, owned by India's Tata Motors, unveiled the all-electric Jaguar I-PACE Concept SUV at the Los Angeles Auto Show.The model is due to hit the streets by 2018, in a sign of how car manufacturers are seeking to tap growing demand for more environmentally-friendly vehicles."We are shaping the future, developing our own approach to autonomy, connectivity and electrification to offer our customers more choice," said Chief Executive Ralf Speth. Last year, Jaguar Land Rover said it would double the size of its powertrain engineering centre in centralEngland to support the development of more low-emission vehicles, the fastest growing market for new cars in Britain.Speth told Reuters in September that it would make sense for the firm to build both electric batteries and vehicles in Britain.The company said cleaner diesel and petrol engines and plug-in hybrid vehicles were also part of its plans. © Thomson Reuters 2016 (Except for the headline, this story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is published from a syndicated feed.) Story first published on : November 17, 2016 11:58 (IST) Related
NUEVOTEXTO
DJI Phantom 4 Pro: first look ICYMI: Charging lights with foot power Jaguar I-PACE: First Look ICYMI: Snap Inc. knows people want its video sunglasses MacBook Pro (2016): review Nintendo's NES Classic Edition : Review ICYMI: Neural net video can go from Monet to Matisse, live HTC Bolt : Hands On 
NUEVOTEXTO
mid engined jaguar f type news details Quote: s svr More Jaguar could have big changes in store for the next generation of the F-Type . The halo model might switch to a mid-engined layout when it’s replaced, according to the company’s top designer.
“We’ve had a discussion — will the next F-Type be mid-engine or front-engine? We’ve had that discussion. We haven’t decided yet. And even within the design studio we disagree with each other,” revealed Ian Callum, the head of Jaguar’s design department, in a recent interview with Road & Track .
Putting the engine directly behind the passengers would turn the F-Type into a completely different type of machine. The current model is front-engined and rear-wheel drive, though all-wheel drive is optionally available, so its design is characterized by a long hood and a short decklid. A mid-engined model would likely have a shorter, lower hood and a longer deck lid.
More: How Jaguar is designing cars that will drive better than you
Going mid-engined would also help the F-Type stand out from its main rivals, some of which are too confined by tradition for such a drastic evolution. Notably, the Porsche 911 has been rear-engined for over five decades, and it will remain that way for as long as it’s in production. Porsche recently built a mid-engined 911 for racing , but it understandably wouldn’t dare put the engine in the middle of a street-legal car and change the iconic lines that have characterized the model since its inception.
Finally, the idea of a mid-engined F-Type isn’t as far-fetched as it might initially sound. Callum revealed that Jaguar considered the layout when it was developing the current model, and it even built a prototype to explore what its first series-produced mid-engined model might look like. The model wasn’t shown to the public, and it was never captured by the auto industry’s spy photographers.
The Jaguar F-Type isn’t scheduled for replacement until the beginning of the next decade, so Callum and his team have plenty of time to weigh the pros and cons of putting the engine behind the passenger compartment.
Porsche radically reworked the 911 to create the RSR race car Porsche’s ubiquitous 911 GT3 Cup race car gets an upgrade to 485 hp Passion and performance: Jaguar’s F-Pace and F-Type SVR are a knockout combo
NUEVOTEXTO
A third straight winning week for Rico on the Over/Unders got him back to .500 after going 9-4 (3-0 Best Bets). The season record is now a respectable 59-59-2 (12-12). The selections for Week 9 are:
Over: Giants / Eagles; Cowboys / Browns; Saints / Niners; Panthers / Rams; Packers / Colts; Chargers / Titans; Seahawks / Bills. 
Under: Falcons / Bucs; Dolphins / Jets; Chiefs / Jaguars; Vikings / Lions; Ravens / Steelers; Broncos / Raiders.
Best bets: Falcons (Under); Giants (Over); Vikings (Under).
League (Overs listed first) 
Last week: 9-4
Overall: 65-53-2
  bettor's guide
NUEVOTEXTO
Acura Precision Cockpit: First Look Acura Precision Cockpit: First Look Mini Countryman SE Hybrid: First Look Le Eco Le Pro3 Review ICYMI: Basketball is about to get even more stats-heavy Hyundai Blue Link: Hands-On DJI Phantom 4 Pro: first look ICYMI: Charging lights with foot power Jaguar I-PACE: First Look ICYMI: Snap Inc. knows people want its video sunglasses Now Playing Acura Precision Cockpit: First Look 1h ago 
NUEVOTEXTO
Four things we learned from the Bills 28-21 win over Jacksonville Four things we learned from the Bills 28-21 win over Jacksonville By Clint Brooks 29 minutes ago 18 shares By: Clint Brooks | 29 minutes ago 
The Buffalo Bills (6-5) edged the Jacksonville Jaguars (2-9) by a final score of 28-21 at New Era Field in a must-win game. Bills running back LeSean McCoy carried Buffalo’s offense by a tune of 103 rushing yards and two touchdowns on 19 carries, while quarterback Tyrod Taylor threw 166 passing yards and a touchdown pass to Justin Hunter to pave the way for a Bills victory. 
Buffalo is currently riding a two-game winning streak after besting two struggling AFC teams in the Jaguars and the Cincinnati Bengals (3-7-1) to improve their conference record to 3-4. The Bills lived to fight another week as they head out for their third and final west coast trip to face the AFC’s top-seeded Oakland Raiders (9-2). 
Here are four things we learned from Buffalo’s 28-21 win over the Jaguars. Sammy Watkins is finally healthy 
The Bills were finally able to get their star receiver Sammy Watkins back in the lineup after an eight-week absence on Injury Reserve due to nagging, discomforting pain in his foot from the surgery he received during the offseason, which completely hindered his capabilities and overall impact in Buffalo’s first two games of 2016. 
The return of Watkins was a sigh of relief as the former No. 4 overall draft pick provided the much-needed spark Buffalo’s passing offense needed. Watkins racked up three receptions for 80 yards which included a beautifully placed deep ball from Taylor for a 62-yard gain after beating cornerback Jalen Ramsey down the sideline. 
In his postgame press conference, Watkins touched on the fact that it’s been a long time since he felt as great as he did against Jacksonville. He also stated that he felt no discomfort in his foot and that he can begin to play ‘fast’ again. Related: Sammy Watkins 'feeling great' after Bills 28-21 win vs. Jaguars 
This is a positive sign for a Bills receiving core that is currently missing Percy Harvin and Robert Woods. While holding the league’s worst passing offense, it’ll be the utmost importance for Watkins to elevate the passing game through his big-play ability he displayed against the Jaguars in the remaining five, crucial games. Buffalo can’t afford to lose Ronald Darby 
Bills cornerback Ronald Darby left the game in the first quarter when he sustained a concussion after colliding with running back Chris Ivory head-first. 
Darby’s absence was felt immediately as Buffalo’s secondary had trouble stopping the Jaguars passing game. Cornerback Corey White, who’s had a steady season, for the most part, replaced Darby and was subsequently picked on by quarterback Blake Bortles and wide receiver Allen Robinson. White was helpless when matched up against the size and speed of Robinson, as he was exposed on two back-shoulder fades. Granted one of those catches was ruled out of bounds but was a testament to how thin the Bills’ secondary has become. 
Buffalo desperately needs Darby down this crucial five-game stretch. Although the second-year cornerback hasn’t lived up to the standards he played to last season, he’s still a talented player the Bills secondary can’t afford to lose when considering the elite passing offenses on the horizon in the Oakland Raiders and the Pittsburgh Steelers. Jordan Mills continues his poor play 
Right tackle has been problematic for the Bills in 2016, let alone the last few seasons. Week 12 versus the Jaguars was no different. 
Mills was solely responsible for a large amount of the pressure the Jaguars’ defense generated. Jacksonville was able to sack Taylor on five separate occasions, and the Jaguars pass rush was tormenting the Bills’ pass protection to the point where Taylor was forced to escape the pocket on almost a regular basis. Mills was also penalized for a holding and a false start penalty to add to his struggles. Related: 5 biggest takeaways from Bills' 28-21 victory over Jaguars 
Buffalo’s next opponent presents a dynamic pass rushing duo of Raiders’ edge rushers Khalil Mack and Bruce Irvin. It’s safe to say that the Bills offensive line wants to keep Taylor upright if they want a chance to upset the top-seeded Raiders. Buffalo’s once dominant red zone defense is spiraling 
Earlier in the season, Buffalo’s red zone defense was the best in the NFL. A big reason why the Bills were able to go on their four-game winning streak was the dominant play of their defense shutting down opposing offenses inside the 20-yard line. However, since Week 8, Buffalo’s red zone defense has endured a rapid decline. 
In 11 of their opponent’s last 12 trips to the red zone, the Bills have allowed a touchdown, and Buffalo permitted the Jaguars to score on both of their red zone trips. Coach Rex Ryan assessed the recent red zone problems by saying the ‘lack of communication’ and the penalties have haunted the Bills performance inside their 20-yard line. Related: Stock up, stock down following Bills 28-21 win over the Jaguars 
If poor communication and committing dumb penalties are the catalyst for their struggles in the red zone, then Buffalo must address those issues fairly quickly as two elite offenses in the Raiders and Steelers are the Bills’ next two opponents. Buffalo’s defense will need to get their act together if the team is to break the historical 16-year playoff drought heading down the most crucial stretch of the season. 
NUEVOTEXTO
LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's biggest carmarker Jaguar Land Rover said it wants to build electric cars in Britain in what would be a further boost to the UK automotive sector after the Brexit vote.
The Indian-owned carmaker built just under a third of Britain's 1.6 million cars last year and showcased its first electric car earlier this month, which will be built in Austria.
But Chief Executive Ralf Speth suggested that the Indian-owned automaker, which operates three car plants in central and northern England, could bring further production to Britain.
"We want to build our EVs (electric vehicles) in the West Midlands, in the home of our design and engineering," Speth told an industry meeting on Thursday evening according to a spokeswoman.
Speth told Reuters in September it made sense to build electric batteries and cars in its home market if the conditions, including pilot testing and support from science, were right.
Britain announced an extra 390 million pounds ($485 million) of funding to support autonomous and green technologies earlier this week, following on from a raft of proposals designed to promote the country as a hub for innovation over recent years.
Jaguar Land Rover said it would not comment on when electric cars would be built in Britain or on potential job creation.
Any new production would be seen as a further boost to the automotive sector after Japanese carmaker Nissan said it would build two new models at the country's biggest car plant following a promise of government support.
After Nissan sought a promise of compensation in the event of Brexit-imposed costs to its car production, Speth told Reuters that his firm wanted "fair treatment" and a "level playing field" from the government.
Jaguar Land Rover wants half its cars to be available in an electric version by the end of the decade, after showcasing its first electric car at the Los Angeles Auto Show earlier this month.
(Reporting by Costas Pitas; editing by Stephen Addison)
NUEVOTEXTO
LONDON (Reuters) - Britain's biggest carmarker Jaguar Land Rover said it wants to build electric cars in Britain in what would be a further boost to the UK automotive sector after the Brexit vote. The Indian-owned carmaker built just under a third of Britain's 1.6 million cars last year and showcased its first electric car earlier this month, which will be built in Austria.
But Chief Executive Ralf Speth suggested that the Indian-owned automaker, which operates three car plants in central and northern England, could bring further production to Britain.
"We want to build our EVs (electric vehicles) in the West Midlands, in the home of our design and engineering," Speth told an industry meeting on Thursday evening according to a spokeswoman.
Speth told Reuters in September it made sense to build electric batteries and cars in its home market if the conditions, including pilot testing and support from science, were right.
Britain announced an extra 390 million pounds ($485 million) of funding to support autonomous and green technologies earlier this week, following on from a raft of proposals designed to promote the country as a hub for innovation over recent years.
Jaguar Land Rover said it would not comment on when electric cars would be built in Britain or on potential job creation.
Any new production would be seen as a further boost to the automotive sector after Japanese carmaker Nissan said it would build two new models at the country's biggest car plant following a promise of government support.
After Nissan sought a promise of compensation in the event of Brexit-imposed costs to its car production, Speth told Reuters that his firm wanted "fair treatment" and a "level playing field" from the government.
Jaguar Land Rover wants half its cars to be available in an electric version by the end of the decade, after showcasing its first electric car at the Los Angeles Auto Show earlier this month.
(Reporting by Costas Pitas; editing by Stephen Addison)
NUEVOTEXTO
Close Image 1 of 1 Will Fuller didn't play Sunday against the Jacksonville Jaguars due to a knee injury that prevented him from practicing fully last week. Will Fuller didn't play Sunday against the Jacksonville Jaguars due to a knee injury that prevented him from practicing fully last week. Photo: Brett Coomer, Staff Texans' Will Fuller hopes to play against Raiders 1 / 1 Back to Gallery 
JACKSONVILLE, Fla. -- Texans rookie wide receiver Will Fuller is optimistic about his chances of returning for a Monday night game next week against the Oakland Raiders in Mexico City. 
Fuller didn't play Sunday against the Jacksonville Jaguars due to a knee injury that prevented him from practicing fully last week. The first-round draft pick from Notre Dame has 25 receptions for 372 yards and two touchdowns. Fuller didn't warm up Sunday as the decision was made to rest his knee. 
"Yeah, I'm going to get back in that training room and try to get it back to feeling right," Fuller said. "It's getting a lot better." 
Meanwhile, running back Lamar Miller got checked out by trainers for a lingering shoulder injury that has bothered him since a collision during a road loss to the Denver Broncos. 
Miller returned to play after being examined. He rushed for 83 yards on 15 carries. 
"I'm good," Miller said. "It's part of the game. For the most part, I'm good." 
Backup running back Alfred Blue returned to play after briefly going to the locker room with a calf injury. Blue rushed for 23 yards on seven carries. 
Nickel back A.J. Bouye missed the game due to a sprained ankle he sustained on Friday. Although Bouye got a lot of treatment for the ankle and made progress, the timing of the injury prevented him from playing. Bouye is hopeful that he could be back for the Raiders game.
NUEVOTEXTO
Jaguar’s working on its first electric car, a sport utility vehicle with a large glass roof and cutouts in the hood, as the luxury brand joins the race to meet ever-tightening emissions rules.
Scheduled for production in 2018, the I-Pace will go more than 500 kilometers (311 miles) on a single charge, manufacturer Jaguar Land Rover said in a statement as it unveiled the prototype at the Los Angeles Auto Show. Based on Jaguar’s F-Pace SUV, the new vehicle will have distinctive features such as a low hood and curving wheel arches intended to evoke the look of a sports car.
Jaguar’s I-Pace Electric Concept luxury SUV
Photographer: Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg Jaguar Land Rover, whose best-selling Range Rover SUV is among the industry’s least fuel-efficient rides, is pushing into an increasingly crowded field as competitors seek to finally lift electric cars into the mainstream. Mercedes in September said it’ll offer 10 all-electric models by 2025 as part of its EQ subbrand, while Tesla Motors Inc. has a target of boosting its automaking capacity by 10 times from 2015 levels to 500,000 vehicles a year by 2018.
Carmakers don’t have much choice, with governments around the world cracking down on pollution caused by combustion engines. The European Union, for example, is seeking efficiency improvements in the next five years that would be roughly double the gains made since 2010.
With drivers still slow to embrace electric vehicles, automakers can’t be certain they’ll reap profits from their aggressive, costly development plans. They’re betting that their investments will pay off in the long run, as batteries get cheaper and more powerful, allowing consumers to spend less on electric cars and drive longer on a single charge.
Sales of electrified vehicles could rise to about 35 percent of global sales by 2040, or 41 million cars, according to a report by Bloomberg New Energy Finance. That compares with sales of less than 1 million this year, according to forecaster IHS Automotive.
Just Beginning “We’re just at the beginning,” Finbar McFall, Jaguar Land Rover’s global product marketing director, said in an interview on Sunday at Milk Studios in Los Angeles. “The market’s going to grow because of new entrants, and that will be a really healthy thing.”
Interior and glass roof of the Jaguar I-Pace.
Photographer: Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg By making an SUV its first electric car, Jaguar is hoping to capitalize on growing demand for large family vehicles, while also tackling one of the industry’s worst emissions offenders. Competition in that segment will initially come from Audi, whose first battery-powered SUV is slated for 2018. BMW’s first electric SUV, a version of the X3, is due in 2020, while Mercedes’s first such vehicle under its new green EQ brand is expected in 2019.
Production is set to start in the second half of 2018.
“Some people look at it and see an SUV, others will see a sports car,” McFall said. “And then you’ve got almost the secondary message to say: ‘Oh, by the way, it’s electric.’”
NUEVOTEXTO
Automotive industry Business secretary says electric vehicles at heart of industrial strategy 
Greg Clark signals post-Brexit policy as Jaguar Land Rover confirms it plans to create 10,000 jobs in the UK James Corden, Vinnie Jones and Niall Horan with the Jaguar I-PACE Concept, an all-electric SUV at the Los Angeles Auto Show. Photograph: Handout/Getty Images via Jaguar Land Rov Friday 25 November 2016 12.23 GMT Last modified on Friday 25 November 2016 12.25 GMT View more sharing options Share on Messenger Close 
Greg Clark , the business, energy and industrial strategy secretary, has said making Britain a world-leading hub for next-generation electric vehicles will be at the heart of the government’s new industrial strategy, providing one of the clearest indications yet of the sectors it wants to focus on in a post-Brexit economy. 
Clark said the automotive sector, particularly electric vehicles, driverless cars and battery storage, will be a “emblematic area of focus” and is going to be “one of the big features of the world and Britain’s industrial policy during the weeks, months and years ahead”. 
The government is expected to lay out an outline of its industrial strategy in the next few weeks, with Clark saying it will publish “some directions that we want to work together [with businesses] to elaborate further”. Brexit uncertainty could hit investment in UK, warns German car chief Read more 
The senior cabinet minister was talking at a meeting of political and automotive leaders from the Midlands on Thursday evening at the University of Warwick. 
At the event, Ralf Speth, the chief executive of Jaguar Land Rover , said his company is aiming to double its global workforce of 40,000 as it expands into electric cars and battery technology. This will start with the creation of 10,000 new jobs in the UK over the next few years as JLR continues its dramatic recovery since the financial crisis by opening new research and development sites. 
Speth said that JLR wants to build a new electric car plant in Britain, as well as a factory that can produce batteries, but that the carmaker needs support from the government. 
“We want to build our EVs (electric vehicles) in the west Midlands, in the home of our design and engineering,” Speth said. “This is clear, it goes without saying. But there is a huge problem – we don’t currently have the capacity to produce them at scale nor at speed, the costs of doing business in the UK are high compared to other countries, and alongside the access to the right skills, energy infrastructure remains the single greatest challenge to Jaguar Land Rover.” 
Speth said JLR needs the equivalent of four power stations and the “right legislative framework” to develop its electric car plans, and for the fledgling industry to flourish in the UK. The company unveiled its first electric car, the I-Pace, earlier this month in Los Angeles. 
The JLR boss warned Britain will lose investment to other countries, such as Germany, if the government did not act. 
“This is a race ladies and gentlemen, it’s really a race and either we win or we lose. The government must be the enabler,” he said. “Our opportunity is nothing less then to lead the world in smart cities, smart economy and smart mobility.” 
In response, Clark said: “This is a sector – and particularly the electric vehicles, connected autonomous vehicles, battery storage – that couldn’t be a more emblematic area of focus that the industrial strategy will back and enable. 
“This is going to be one of the big features of the world and Britain’s industrial policy during the weeks, months and years ahead. 
“The pace of this is quickening all the time and so is our commitment to it. This is a big moment, for a hugely important combination of sectors technologies and institutions.” 
“You can count completely not just on my commitment but my involvement in progressing these discussions to turn them into actions.” 
Clark also described how the creation of an industrial strategy will influence government policies. 
He said: “What does it mean? It means if you have an industrial strategy there is no such as a short-term strategy, it is a contradiction in terms. So it is a explicit commitment to act in terms of policies and creating institutions for the long term rather than the short. A commitment to have a industrial strategy is to act for the long term. 
“It can’t be something that the government announces to an unsuspecting world, it has to be done together. It is certainly not a laissez-faire strategy, it is not ‘over to you’, this is a partnership, and that is the strategic intent.” 
Clark’s comments were welcomed by local authority leaders. 
Jonathan Browning, chairman of the Coventry and Warwicksire LEP, said: “The industrial strategy is in its early days but it is pleasing to see that government recognises not only the importance of the advanced manufacturing sector but also the need for us to be at the forefront of developing the automotive technologies of the future. 
“Jaguar Land Rover will be leading that vanguard and has spelled out its ambitions to produce electric cars, along with the growth and investment that will bring both directly and to the regional supply chain.” 
NUEVOTEXTO
VALDOSTA, Ga . -- Authorities say Jacksonville Jaguars linebacker Telvin Smith’s brother has been shot to death in south Georgia. 

The team on Monday confirmed that Smith’s younger brother, Brian, was killed. 
Please keep Telvin Smith and his family in your thoughts and prayers following the tragic passing of his brother, Brian, on Sunday evening.
— Jacksonville Jaguars (@Jaguars) November 14, 2016 
Police in Valdosta, Georgia, say in a police report that the 25-year-old man was killed in a homicide, but did not name the victim. 

Police said officers responded to a residence Sunday evening after a reported shooting, and found the victim dead with a gunshot wound. 
Police say the shooting appears to be an isolated incident and not random, according to evidence, CBS affiliate WJAX reported . 
No arrests were reported. Valdosta police Lt. Adam Bembry was urging anyone with information about the case to contact police. 

Valdosta is about 120 miles northwest of Jacksonville. 
Telvin Smith took to Instagram Monday afternoon to express his grief. 
“I‘m just broke man really lost my brotha man!!” he wrote in the emotional post. 
Man I slept so hard last night, as hard a I could sleep hoping my Brotha really ain't left this earth!! But when I woke up tears just fell I love you man I love you man!!!! Why it seem like the toughest situations hittin me bruh WHY MAN!!! I just wish the times we had NEVER fade bruh we been through literally EVERYTHING together bruh..it's just no way you gone!! Then I see this pic & it's no way we spent times like this in our phone man I'm just broke man really lost my brotha man!! I love you bruh!!! LIFE OR DEATH BROTHERS FOREVER It's been on my arm since high school bruh I live for you bruh I love you bruh damn bruh come back bruh damn bruh man.... 
A photo posted by Telvin Smith (@telvinsmith50) on Nov 14, 2016 at 5:54am PST
NUEVOTEXTO
Nov 27 (The Sports Xchange) - Buffalo Bills offensive tackle Seantrel Henderson was informed he faces a 10-game suspension for a second violation of the NFL's substance-abuse policy, according to multiple reports Sunday.
Henderson, 24, started the season with a four-game ban for his initial violation of the drug policy.
Henderson is appealing the ruling, a source told ESPN's Adam Schefter, and a final decision on Henderson's suspension will be made this week, according to the NFL Media's Ian Rapoport.
Henderson missed the final five games of last season after he was diagnosed with Crohn's disease. He said previously the reason for the suspension was his use of medicinal marijuana to deal with pain resulting from the illness and two intestinal surgeries.
--
New England Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski left with a back injury late in the first quarter and did not return against the New York Jets .
Gronkowski, who returned after a one-game absence due to a chest/lung injury suffered against the Seattle Seahawks on Nov. 13, was targeted twice before exiting without a reception.
Gronkowski has missed 20 games in seven NFL seasons due to a variety of injuries.
--
Cincinnati Bengals running back Jeremy Hill injured his left ankle late in the second quarter against the Baltimore Ravens .
Hill, a third-year player from LSU, was getting the majority of carries with running back running back Giovani Bernard out with a knee injury and had 20 yards on nine carries before being forced to leave the game.
Bengals cornerback Chykie Brown also was injured and carted off. Brown injured his right knee with 1:01 left in the half during a Bengals' punt.
--
Jacksonville Jaguars wide receiver Allen Hurns injured his hamstring in the fourth quarter of the game against the Buffalo Bills.
Hurns got hurt while scoring a 12-yard touchdown to put the Jaguars ahead 21-20 with 14:52 left to play. It was his only catch on seven targets.
Jaguars running back Chris Ivory also left in the first quarter with a hamstring injury. Ivory rushed for 44 yards and a touchdown before getting hurt.
--
Miami Dolphins offensive lineman Laremy Tunsil was inactive for the game against the San Francisco 49ers due to a shoulder injury.
Tunsil, the Dolphins' 2016 first-round draft pick, injured his shoulder in last Sunday's victory over the Los Angeles Rams . He had practiced all week in a limited capacity and was listed as questionable on Friday's injury report.
The Dolphins were without three starting offensive linemen against the 49ers. Center Mike Pouncey was earlier ruled out due to a hip injury and left tackle Branden Albert was out with a dislocated left wrist.
--
Los Angeles Rams starting left tackle Greg Robinson was a healthy inactive for the game against the New Orleans Saints.
Robinson, a former No. 2 overall pick in the 2014 draft, was benched for the Week 12 game at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome.
Robinson started all 16 games last season and all 10 games in 2016. He made 38 consecutive starts for the Rams and had not missed a game since entering the league. (Editing by Larry Fine) ))
NUEVOTEXTO
AFC notes: Titans have been scoring machines through the first half AFC notes: Titans have been scoring machines through the first half Rick Scuteri / Associated Press Titans quarterback Marcus Mariota looks to pass during the second half of a game against the Chargers on Nov. 6. Titans quarterback Marcus Mariota looks to pass during the second half of a game against the Chargers on Nov. 6. (Rick Scuteri / Associated Press) Matt Wilhalme 
Baltimore Ravens : Steve Smith had five catches for 60 yards in the Ravens’ 28-7 win over the Browns on Thursday to move into eighth place all time with 14,349 receiving yards. 
Buffalo Bills : Receiver Sammy Watkins, who was put on injured reserve in September because of a foot injury, could return to the field on Nov. 27. 
Cincinnati Bengals : A.J. Green leads the NFL with 59 receptions, and is No. 2 with 896 yards receiving. Giovani Bernard has had a rushing touchdown in two straight games. 
Cleveland Browns: Following Thursday’s defeat, the Browns’ 10 consecutive losses to start the season are a franchise first since Cleveland joined the NFL in 1950. 
Denver Broncos : Rookie running back Devontae Booker has had a rushing touchdown in two of the last three games and ranks third among rookies with 320 yards rushing. 
Houston Texans : The Texans are playing the first of four road games in five weeks. Houston is 0-3 on road, but has won four in a row against the Jaguars . 
Indianapolis Colts : Andrew Luck has been sacked an NFL-high 33 times this season. He’s tied for the fifth-most touchdown passes (17) and had seven passes picked off. 
Jacksonville Jaguars: Receiver Allen Hurns, who leads the Jaguars with 443 receiving yards, missed practice this week while going through the NFL’s concussion protocol. 
Kansas City Chiefs : The Chiefs have won four straight regular-season games and 16 of their last 18. They lead the NFL with 20 takeaways (12 interceptions, eight fumbles). 
Miami Dolphins : The Dolphins are seeking their fourth straight win for the first time since 2008, when they won final five games of the season en route to winning the AFC East . 
New England Patriots : The Patriots are 12-4 following a bye week under Coach Bill Belichick. They are the only team to not have a pass intercepted this season. 
N.Y. Jets : Running back Matt Forte has 349 yards from scrimmage and five touchdowns in the last three games. Forte ranks seventh in the NFL with 634 yards rushing. 
Oakland Raiders : Raiders quarterback Derek Carr has thrown for 2,505 yards with 17 touchdowns and has had only three passes intercepted so far this season. 
Pittsburgh Steelers : The Steelers have never made the playoffs under Coach Mike Tomlin after losing three straight games. Pittsburgh has a three-game losing streak. 
San Diego Chargers : Chargers’ Antonio Gates is three touchdown catches shy of tying Tony Gonzalez (111) for the most all time by a tight end. He’s had four so far this season. 
Tennessee Titans : The Titans have scored at least 26 points in each of their last five games for the first time since 2003, and rank fourth in NFL in scoring in that span. 
Follow Matt Wilhalme on Twitter @mattwilhalme
NUEVOTEXTO
  7   14 hours ago A former Unilever (NYSE: UL - news) executive is in the frame to take on the chairmanship of Tata Group, the Indian conglomerate which owns Jaguar Land Rover and the Port Talbot steel plant in south Wales. Sky News can reveal that Harish Manwani, … More » From rights and refunds, to returns and retailers - here's the ultimate Black Friday survival guide Yahoo Finance UK - 14   15 hours ago Chris Hall says that he hopes his investment portfolio will help him maintain his current living standards when he retires at 60. Hall is due to receive an income from various company pensions at this age, but it will be significantly below his … More » What Does the Autumn Statement Mean for Markets? Morningstar UK - 18   19 hours ago Chris Morrison, investment manager of the GAM UK Diversified fund tells us why investors should take a chance on unpopular stocks for long-term growth … More » Countrywide shares are crashing after the government made a huge change to the rental market Business Insider UK Finance - 20   22  
NUEVOTEXTO
Related Links:
The Chiefs Threw A Touchdown Pass To 346-Lb Defensive Tackle Dontari Poe Who To Start, Sit, And Scoop Up For Your Week 9 Fantasy Football Lineup
The Jacksonville Jaguars may not be a good team in any real sense, but their offense is still filled with eye-catching talent. There are the Allens, both Hurns and Robinson, plus Marqise Lee can all break off big plays at wide receiver, and Chris Ivory is always good for an impressive run a couple of times a season. This is one of those runs.
Ivory and the Jags are in Kansas City taking on Nick Foles and the Chiefs. The Chiefs’ D is still pretty good, so Ivory’s 42-yard run didn’t turn into points, but some plays are just good on their own merits. Poor Ron Parker had no idea what was coming at the end of this dash through the defensive secondary, and Ivory hit the truck stick.
Ivory is one of the strongest backs in the NFL, and you could see how hard to had to work to overcome the poor blocking from the Jags’ offensive line, even on such a positive play.
NUEVOTEXTO
Technology | Mon Nov 14, 2016 | 7:46pm EST BRIEF-Dotz nano ltd signs MOU with Nanyang Technological University, Singapore 
Nov 15 Dotz Nano Ltd 
* Memorandum of understanding signed with nanyang technological university, singapore 
* Mou for establishment of a s$20 million graphene quantum dots application research center in singapore 
Source text for Eikon: 
LOS ANGELES, Nov 14 A lot of strange things can be found in Los Angeles, but a battery-powered Jaguar sport utility vehicle is something new even for Southern California. MORE FROM REUTERS From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines 
Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters . Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: 
NUEVOTEXTO
Technology | Tue Nov 15, 2016 | 6:18am EST BRIEF-InteliWISE Q3 net profit falls to 42,492 zlotys YOY 
Nov 15 InteliWISE SA : 
* Reported on Monday Q3 revenue of 488,422 zlotys ($119,676)versus 1.2 million zlotys a year ago 
* Q3 net profit was 42,492 zlotys versus 568,103 zloty a year ago 
Source text for Eikon: 
($1 = 4.0812 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom) Next In Technology 
LOS ANGELES, Nov 14 A lot of strange things can be found in Los Angeles, but a battery-powered Jaguar sport utility vehicle is something new even for Southern California. MORE FROM REUTERS From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines 
Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters . Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: 
NUEVOTEXTO
Graphics How the Panthers, Jags and a Chiefs safety made Tom Brady wait 16 years to play in his hometown How the Panthers, Jags and a Chiefs safety made Tom Brady wait 16 years to play in his hometown By Steven Ruiz November 20, 2016 12:16 pm Follow @theStevenRuiz 287 shares By: Steven Ruiz | November 20, 2016 12:16 pm Follow @theStevenRuiz 
For the first time in his 16-year NFL career, Tom Brady will play a game in his hometown (very close to it, at least), as the New England Patriots take on the San Francisco 49ers on Sunday. 
With the NFL scheduling process designed to pit every NFL team against one another at least once every four years, it took some seriously bad luck to delay Brady’s homecoming for so long. And if Brady is looking for anyone to blame for extending his wait, he can look at the Carolina Panthers, Jacksonville Jaguars and Bernard Pollard. Here’s why… 
The NFL added the Jaguars and Panthers in 1995, which created a league with three divisions per conference with five teams in each division. That required some changes to the scheduling formula when pitting two divisions against one another in a given season. So when, say, the NFC East was matched up with the AFC East in a season, the Patriots would play only four of the five NFC East teams. That formula was used through the 2001 season, Brady’s first year starting for New England. (AP Photo/Wilford Harewood) 
In that 2001 season, the AFC East was matched up with the NFC West, but the one West team the Patriots did not play just happened to be the 49ers. 
When the Texans were added in 2002, the NFL realigned to the current divisional set-up, where every team plays at least once in a four-year span. Brady’s first game agaisnt the 49ers came finally in 2005, but the game was in New England. 
In 2008, the Patriots played the 49ers in San Francisco but Brady was lost for the season in Week 1 after Chiefs safety Bernard Pollard barreled into his knee, resulting in a torn ACL for the defending MVP. Matt Cassel started the game in San Francisco and led the Pats to a 30-21 lead. 
Fast-forward eight years, and the 49ers will once again host the Patriots. Brady is healthy and will start in front of his hometown fans against his hometown team. It’s a game 16 years in the making. More NFL! 
NUEVOTEXTO
vs. Sit of the Week - DeAndre Hopkins vs. Oakland Raiders 
Fantasy fans have waited for Hopkins to bust out of his recent slide, but it hasn't happened. In fact, he's averaged 4.9 fantasy points over his last four games. So while a matchup against the Raiders is good on paper, Hopkins has failed to exploit bad pass defenses all season. Call it the Osweiler Effect, but Hopkins just can't be trusted. vs. Jarvis Landry vs. Los Angeles Rams 
Landry recorded a combined 314 yards in his first three games of the season. Since then, he's had 344 yards with no touchdowns in his last six contests. While it's tough to bench him due to his talent and the law of averages, I would beware the veteran versus a Rams defense the eighth-fewest points (22.5 PPG) to opposing wide receivers. vs. Jordan Matthews vs. Seattle Seahawks 
Matthews has scored double-digit fantasy points once in five road games this season, and he's averaged a modest 8.5 points outside of Philadelphia. While Seattle's defense isn't what it used to be on their home field, this unit has still given up the sixth-fewest points to opposing wideouts (20.8 PPG) to the position overall this season. vs. Marvin Jones vs. Jacksonville Jaguars 
You might look at this week's matchup against the Jaguars and think it's a favorable one for Jones, but the opposite is true. Their defense has allowed the fifth-fewest yards (1,329) to opposing wide receivers, and only two No. 1 wideouts have scored double digits against them. Couple that with Jones' struggles, and he's a clear-cut sit 'em. vs. Ty Montgomery vs. Washington Redskins 
Montgomery was a hot waiver-wire add a few weeks ago, but his value has gone cold with the return of James Starks to the Green Bay backfield. In fact, Montgomery's snaps and touches both declined with Starks back in the mix during last week's loss to the Titans . I'd be looking elsewhere, and dropping Montgomery is an option. 
Busts: Terrelle Pryor vs. Steelers , Michael Floyd at Vikings 
Michael Fabiano is an award-winning fantasy football analyst on NFL.com and NFL Network and a member of the Fantasy Sports Writers Association (FSWA) Hall of Fame . Have a burning question on anything fantasy related? Tweet it to @Michael_Fabiano or send a question via Facebook ! 
NUEVOTEXTO
Image 1 of / 4 Caption
Close
Image 1 of 4 The 1930 Duesenberg Convertible Sedan will be one of the cars on display at the Academy of Art University vintage car exhibit at the International Auto Show. The 1930 Duesenberg Convertible Sedan will be one of the cars on display at the Academy of Art University vintage car exhibit at the International Auto Show. Image 2 of 4 The 1934 Packard will be one of the cars on display at the Academy of Art University vintage car exhibit at the International Auto Show. The 1934 Packard will be one of the cars on display at the Academy of Art University vintage car exhibit at the International Auto Show. Image 3 of 4 The 1939 Packard will be one of the vehicles from the Academy of Art University’s collection on display at the International Auto Show. The 1939 Packard will be one of the vehicles from the Academy of Art University’s collection on display at the International Auto Show. Image 4 of 4 This 1965 Ferrari is part of the Academy of Art University’s car collection. It will be on display at the auto show. This 1965 Ferrari is part of the Academy of Art University’s car collection. It will be on display at the auto show. Academy of Art University will showcase vintage cars 1  /  4 Back to Gallery Automobile lovers will have the opportunity to get close-up views of some of the most revered classic cars at The San Francisco Chronicle 59th annual International Auto Show, Nov. 19-27, at the Moscone Center .
The International Auto Show will feature the 2017 model vehicles from the world’s major manufacturers, but one of the most popular special attractions over the last few years has been the Academy of Art University Auto Museum Classic Car exhibit, selected by Tom Matano , director of the University’s School of Industrial Design .
“We are proud to be able to exhibit vehicles from the Academy of Art University Auto Museum that represent the elegance, style, craftsmanship, technology and innovative spirit of automotive designers of the past as well as the present,” Show Director Kevin Diamond said. 
Museum-quality cars expected to be displayed include: 1927 Packard 8 343 Convertible Sedan; 1929 Packard 8 640 Convertible Coupe; 1930 Duesenberg Convertible Sedan; 1930 Packard 8 Derham Convertible Coupe; 1931 Packard 8 Waterhouse Victoria; 1932 Packard 8 Coupe; 1933 Packard 12 Dietrich Coupe; 1933 Packard 12 Dietrich Sport Phaeton; 1934 Packard S-8 Victoria Convertible; 1934 Packard 12 Dual Windshield Phaeton; 1934 Packard 12 LeBaron Sport Phaeton; 1934 Packard 12 Coupe Roadster; 1936 Packard S-8 Sport Phaeton; 1937 Bugatti;1939 Packard Darrin Convertible; 1937 Lagonda Sport Tourer; 1938 Talbot-Lago T120 Roadster; 1939 Packard 12 Brunn Touring Cabriolet Sedan; 1940 Packard 160 Convertible Sedan; 1941 Packard 180 Lebaron Sport Brogham; 1950 Jaguar XK 120; 1953 Allard JX2; 1953 Packard Caribbean; 1955 MG TF & trailer; 1959 Cadillac Elvis; 1960 Jaguar XK 150; 1961 Daimler SP250; 1964 Jaguar E-Type; 1965 Aston-Martin DB-5; 1965 Ferrari 275 GTB; 1966 Porsche 911 and 1986 Ferrari Testarossa.
The cars were collected by Richard A. Stephens , son of the late Richard S. Stephens, who founded the university in 1929 and served as its president until 1951. The younger Stephens served as president until 1992, when he was succeeded by his daughter, Elisa Stephens, and named Chair Emeritus.
Most of the automobile collection is garaged in the museum of the University’s School of Industrial Design on Van Ness Avenue in San Francisco. The museum serves as conservator of automotive history and inspiration for Matano’s students studying transportation design.
Matano joined the university staff more than a decade ago after 20 years as a designer for Mazda.
Although one of the youngest automobile design programs in the country, graduates have been hired by an impressive list of companies, including General Motors , Ford, FCA, Toyota , BMW , Samsung, Black and Decker, North Face, Nike, REI, Mattel, Hasbro and Adidas.
Based in San Francisco, Academy of Art University is the nation’s largest private art and design university, and has students around the world enrolled in its online degree programs. Students can also enroll in flexible online degree programs in most majors.
Established in 1929, the University offers accredited AA, BA, BFA, MA, M. Arch , B. Arch and MFA programs in 26 different majors besides industrial design, as well as continuing art education, with classes in automotive restoration, acting, advertising, animation and visual effects, architecture, art education, art history (BFA), fashion, fine art, game design, graphic design, illustration, interior architecture and design, jewelry and metal arts, landscape architecture, motion pictures and television, multi-media communications, music scoring and composition, sound design, music production, photography, visual development and web design and new media.
Academy of Art University is an accredited member of WASC Senior College and University Commission, National Association of Schools of Art and Design, Council for Interior Design Accreditation, the National Architectural Accrediting Board and the California Teaching Credential.
For more information, visit www.academyart.edu or call 1-800-544-2787. 
To learn more about total costs, median student loan debt and potential occupations, consult the university’s website.
NUEVOTEXTO
NFL Halfway: Jags' Gus Bradley could be first coach to go Associated Press 2 hrs ago By ROB MAADDI, AP Pro Football Writer © The Associated Press FILE - These are 2016 file photos showing NFL football coaches Todd Bowles, Gus Bradley, Jim Caldwell, Jeff Fisher, John Fox, Chip Kelly, Marvin Lewis, Mike McCarthy, Mike McCoy and Rex Ryan. We’ve already seen a lot of NFL assistants lose their jobs, and it’s fair to predict that several head coaches will suffer the same fate unless there teams turn things around. (AP Photo/File) The Gus Bus might be first to hit the road.
This was supposed to be the year Gus Bradley turned the Jacksonville Jaguars into a contender. After going 12-36 in his first three seasons, Bradley got a one-year contract extension through 2017. That came with heightened expectations.
After all, the Jaguars spent more than $350 million (nearly $150 million guaranteed) in free agency the last two years to sign 10 starters. They assembled a roster of talented young players.
All signs pointed toward a major step forward. Instead, the Jaguars are 2-6 and headed nowhere in the weak AFC South.
There have been at least six coaching changes in the NFL in each of the past six offseasons. Bradley could be the first to go this season, and there's no guarantee he makes it through the second half.
Here are other coaches on the hot seat:
REX RYAN: The Bills haven't made the playoffs since 1999, the longest drought in the NFL. Ryan vowed to end that streak when he took over last season. He failed in his first try, going 8-8. Ryan fired offensive coordinator Greg Roman after a 0-2 start this season, but he could be in trouble if Buffalo (4-5) has a losing season.
CHIP KELLY: The 49ers have lost seven in a row since opening the season with a shutout win over the Rams. Kelly has three years left on his contract and the 49ers fired Jim Tomsula one season into a four-year deal after 2015, so it's unlikely they would do it again. But if Kelly wants to return to college football, he'll get a comfortable push out the door.
JEFF FISHER: The Rams had four straight losing seasons under Fisher in St. Louis and they're headed toward another one in their first season back in Los Angeles. If the Rams (3-6) don't turn things around in the second half, Fisher may not stick around to see the Jared Goff era.
MIKE MCCARTHY: The Packers have reached the playoffs eight times in McCarthy's 10 seasons and seven years in a row. But they've had disappointing playoff losses since winning the 2011 Super Bowl and are 4-4 this season. Unless Aaron Rodgers gets them back on track, McCarthy's time in Green Bay could be up.
CHUCK PAGANO: The Colts (4-5) beat the Packers on the road to get back in the race in the AFC South. Pagano led the Colts to three straight 11-win seasons, but he was in trouble last year after going 8-8 with Andrew Luck missing a chunk of games. He signed a four-year contract extension in January, so that gives him some security. But Pagano may have to win a playoff game to stick around in Indianapolis.
MARVIN LEWIS: The Bengals have reached the playoffs seven times in 13 seasons under Lewis, including the last five years. They're 0-7 in those games. At 3-4-1, Cincinnati's postseason run is in jeopardy. That could lead to the first coaching change since 2003.
JOHN FOX: The Bears are 2-6 after going 6-10 in Fox's first season. Fox led the Panthers and Broncos to big jumps in his second year, but that's not happening in Chicago. He might not get a third season.
JIM CALDWELL: The Lions are 5-4 after rallying for an impressive win at Minnesota. They won 11 games and reached the playoffs in Caldwell's first season, but they started 1-7 in 2015 and needed a 6-2 finish to preserve his job. A collapse down the stretch could lead to Caldwell's departure.
TODD BOWLES: The Jets are 3-6 and reeling, a season after going 10-6 and narrowly missing the playoffs. Bowles could be gone if they continue to spiral downward.
MIKE MCCOY: The Chargers tumbled to 4-12 last year after going to the playoffs in each of McCoy's first two seasons. Now they're 4-5 and another losing season could cost McCoy his job.
___
AP NFL website: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Rob Maaddi on Twitter: https://twitter.com/AP_RobMaaddi
PHOTOS: 2016 NFL SEASON
2016 NFL season
Go to MSN Home
NUEVOTEXTO
Acura Precision Cockpit Concept is much more than a digital gauge cluster Autoblog 12 hrs ago Brandon Turkus © Acura Audi Virtual Cockpit is one of the single best pieces of technology on the market, bar none. It blends beautiful graphics, easy interaction, and loads of information in a way that similar all-digital gauge clusters from brands like Jaguar , Land Rover , and Cadillac can't match. Other brands might not stand even with Audi, but Acura is certainly going to try.
Research Make (e.g. Mazda) Acura Alfa Romeo AM General Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Dodge Eagle Ferrari Fiat Fisker Ford Genesis Geo GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion smart SRT Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo The company is demonstrating its efforts at the 2016 Los Angeles Auto Show with the new Precision Cockpit. Like Audi, JLR, and Cadillac, Acura is using a 12.3-inch display in place of a traditional set of gauges that changes color schemes and animations based on the driving mode. A prominent central display joins the digital IP and features what looks like an evolution of the company's current infotainment software. But rather than a knob and dial or physical buttons, Acura is taking a page out of Lexus ' book, using a touchpad to control the center display.
But before we lament the touchpad too much, it's worth pointing out how Acura says its arrangement is different. Using something called "absolute positioning," the touchpad behaves more like an actual touchscreen – tap a corner on the pad and whatever's in the same corner of the display responds. In that way, it sounds like Acura is trying to marry a touchscreen with a more ergonomically comfortable interface. Color us curious.
Precision Cockpit also stands apart in how Acura optimized it, designing the system with semi-autonomous driving in mind. The company went as far as to use a real-time 3D graphics engine to display what the vehicle's sensors "see" inside the instrument cluster. There's even an advanced vision mode that allegedly shows "cars, pedestrians, cyclists, and other objects – even those obscured from vision – using artificial intelligence to predict future pathways."
While Acura is calling Precision Cockpit a concept, the company confirmed in its official release that the Android-based system "will power future production cars." If it comes with all the tech Acura's promoting here, Precision Cockpit stands to be a significant step forward in the digitization of car interiors.
See more from the LA Auto Show | Follow MSN Autos on Facebook
Go to MSN Home
NUEVOTEXTO
The Carolina Panthers kicked off Week 11 with a 23-20 win over the New Orleans Saints on Thursday, but the celebration was short-lived because of an injury suffered by Luke Kuechly .
Late in the fourth quarter, Kuechly absorbed the helmet of Saints running back Tim Hightower in his face and chest. A fellow Panther crashed into his back on the same play. The most frightening image was the one of Kuechly sitting on the field after the play, sobbing and hyperventilating.
"Kuechly could not get back up, p rompting the medical team to bring a cart onto the field,"   John Healy of the New York Daily News wrote. 
The All-Pro linebacker is now in the NFL 's concussion protocol, per NFL.com's Austin Knoblauch . 
Scenes like Thursday's are a reminder of how much the game of football means to these men. And no matter how big and strong they are, their passion can lead to vulnerable moments like this. 
Week 11 Schedule Sunday, November 19 Matchup Time (ET) TV Live Stream Steelers at Browns 1 p.m. CBS NFL Sunday Ticket (subscription required) Ravens at Cowboys 1 p.m. CBS NFL Sunday Ticket (subscription required) Jaguars at Lions 1 p.m. CBS NFL Sunday Ticket (subscription required) Titans at Colts 1 p.m. CBS NFL Sunday Ticket (subscription required) Bills at Bengals 1 p.m. Fox Fox Sports Go Buccaneers at Chiefs 1 p.m. Fox Fox Sports Go Bears at Giants 1 p.m. Fox Fox Sports Go Cardinals at Vikings 1 p.m. Fox Fox Sports Go Dolphins at Rams 4:05 p.m. Fox Fox Sports Go Patriots at 49ers 4:25 p.m. CBS NFL Sunday Ticket (subscription required) Eagles at Seahawks 4:25 p.m. CBS NFL Sunday Ticket (subscription required) Packers at Redskins 8:30 p.m. NBC NBC Sports Live Extra Monday, November 20 Matchup Time (ET) TV Live Stream Texans at Raiders 8:30 p.m. ESPN WatchESPN ESPN
NUEVOTEXTO
Close Image 1 of 4 Buffalo Bills running back LeSean McCoy (25) celebrates his touchdown with wide receiver Robert Woods (10) in the first half of an NFL football game against the Cincinnati Bengals, Sunday, Nov. 20, 2016, in Cincinnati. less Buffalo Bills running back LeSean McCoy (25) celebrates his touchdown with wide receiver Robert Woods (10) in the first half of an NFL football game against the Cincinnati Bengals, Sunday, Nov. 20, 2016, in ... more Photo: Gary Landers, AP Image 2 of 4 Detroit Lions running back Theo Riddick (25) is pushed out of bounds by Jacksonville Jaguars strong safety Johnathan Cyprien (37) during the first half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Nov. 20, 2016 in Detroit. Detroit Lions running back Theo Riddick (25) is pushed out of bounds by Jacksonville Jaguars strong safety Johnathan Cyprien (37) during the first half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Nov. 20, 2016 in Detroit. Photo: Paul Sancya, AP Image 3 of 4 Tennessee Titans wide receiver Tajae Sharpe (19) celebrates a touchdown against the Indianapolis Colts during the second half of an NFL football game in Indianapolis, Sunday, Nov. 20, 2016. Tennessee Titans wide receiver Tajae Sharpe (19) celebrates a touchdown against the Indianapolis Colts during the second half of an NFL football game in Indianapolis, Sunday, Nov. 20, 2016. Photo: Darron Cummings, AP Image 4 of 4 Jacksonville Jaguars running back Chris Ivory (33) leaps over a Detroit Lions defender during the second half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Nov. 20, 2016 in Detroit. Jacksonville Jaguars running back Chris Ivory (33) leaps over a Detroit Lions defender during the second half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Nov. 20, 2016 in Detroit. Photo: Duane Burleson, AP FANTASY PLAYS: Injuries in Week 11 create mess for fantasy 1 / 4 Back to Gallery When the first Week 11 inactives were released Sunday, the smattering of defensive players and lineman were a heartening set of names, at least for fantasy purposes, relatively free of impact pass-catchers and running backs. In retrospect, things were a little too quiet. Week 11 ended with fantasy teams tattered and torn, after injuries to A.J. Green, T.J. Yeldon , C.J. Prosise , LeSean McCoy , Ryan Mathews , Darren Sproles , Robert Woods , Giovani Bernard and Zach Miller . Throw in a concussion to Mark Ingram on Thursday night and the fantasy landscape is now what experts like to call a mess. A VERY EARLY LOOK AT THE WAIVER WIRE Green's injury leaves the door open for rookie Tyler Boyd and veteran Brandon LaFell to assume larger roles in the offense. Boyd tied a career high with eight targets Sunday after Green's first-quarter exit. He also caught his first career touchdown pass. LaFell, meanwhile, has four touchdowns on the season but just two games with more than 75 receiving yards. While there isn't a clear-cut choice here, Boyd has intriguing upside and the Bengals — with just three wins — may want to see what their first-round pick is capable of. As far as running backs go, there's a bit of a disappointing trend for the fantasy owner looking to make waiver wire moves — many of the injured backs were mired in time shares. Chris Ivory , Thomas Rawls , and Jeremy Hill are going to see big jumps in value, but they're owned in most leagues. And while LeSean McCoy had thumb surgery, he could still play in Week 12. A fantasy player's most attractive option in sifting through the replacement backs is probably Wendell Smallwood (owned in 9 percent of CBSSports.com leagues), who would need both Mathews and Sproles to miss significant time to have an impact — a gamble worth taking with fantasy seasons on the line. According to Pro Football Focus' Nathan Jahnke , Smallwood out-snapped fellow running back Kenjon Barner , 38-18, on Sunday. THEO RIDDICK: FANTASY STUD? Theo Riddick (eight receptions for 70 yards in Week 11) has already set career highs in touchdowns (four), rushing yards (310), and rushing attempts (79). Barring injury, he'll likely surpass highs in targets, receptions, receiving yards, and total yards by season's end. Riddick has at least 75 total yards in his last three games And in point-per-reception formats, his 24 targets and 17 receptions make him an even more valuable piece of a fantasy backfield. Riddick's next two games — against Minnesota and New Orleans — should yield more of the same, as both teams give up 45 receiving yards or more per game to opposing backs (both falling in the bottom 10 in the NFL for that stat). One thing to look out for, however — Riddick hurt a hand in the first half of the game Sunday. With a traditional Thanksgiving game on deck, a short week for an injured Riddick could make Dwayne Washington a decent speculative pickup. MISCELLANEOUS — With Bills receiver Robert Woods going down, there's a small chance his replacement could be ... Sammy Watkins , who will have a CT scan on his foot Tuesday. The Bills may be cautious rushing Watkins back (after the McCoy debacle earlier this season), but if he's healthy and good to go, it might be worth checking waiver wires for availability. — He carries an incredible amount of risk, but Percy Harvin had the second-most targets (four) and played the second-most snaps (46) among Bills receivers on Sunday. — At this point int he season, backup running backs must be rostered to combat injuries. One name to consider: newly-minted backup Denard Robinson , the No. 2 in Jacksonville, behind an oft-injured Chris Ivory in an offense that has featured both backs in the game plan since Nathaniel Hackett took over as offensive coordinator. Robinson averaged 4.2 yards per carry in 2014-2015, with 44 receptions on 61 targets over two seasons as the sometimes-starter for the Jags. —Tajae Sharpe has a pair of 68 yard, one-touchdown games in his last two. He also has a wild matchup schedule coming up, with games against the Bears (third-most yards allowed to wide receivers), Broncos (fewest), and Chiefs (most). — This year's Thanksgiving games are: Minnesota at Detroit, 12:30 p.m. Eastern; Washington at Dallas, 4:30 p.m. Eastern; Pittsburgh at Indianapolis, 8:30 p.m. Eastern. ___ This column was provided to The Associated Press by the Fantasy Sports Network, http://FNTSY.com Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. BREAKING NEWS 
NUEVOTEXTO
Bills' Sammy Watkins expected to play for the first time since Week 2 Bills' Sammy Watkins expected to play for the first time since Week 2 Watkins has been out for the last eight games due to the lingering effects of a foot injury 1h ago • 1 min read 
The Buffalo Bills face the Jacksonville Jaguars on Sunday as they attempt to stay in the playoff race in the AFC. When they take the field, they'll have their best wide receiver on their side for the first time since Week 2. Sammy Watkins is expected to play after missing the last eight games with his lingering foot injury. #Bills WR Sammy Watkins, activated off IR on Sat, will not only play but start, source said. His playtime will depend on how his foot feels. — Ian Rapoport (@RapSheet) November 27, 2016 
Watkins broke a bone in his foot last offseason and it was reported in May that he had surgery to insert a screw in his foot. He was back by the start of training camp and played the Bills' first two games but the pain and discomfort apparently bothered him enough that he had to be put on injured reserve after Buffalo's 37-31 loss the Jets in Week 2. He has been out ever since. 
The Bills went 5-3 in Watkins' absence, as they established one of the best running games in football and Robert Woods served as Tyrod Taylor 's primary target on the outside. Woods is now dealing with an injury issue, so Watkins' return comes at an opportune time for the Bills.
NUEVOTEXTO
Published 4:25 pm, Friday, November 25, 2016   1 of / 1 Close Image 1 of 1 Indianapolis Colts quarterback Andrew Luck (12) is sacked by Houston Texans outside linebacker John Simon (51) and nose tackle D.J. Reader (98)   16,   Indianapolis Colts quarterback Andrew Luck (12) is sacked by Houston Texans outside linebacker John Simon (51) and nose tackle D.J. Reader (98) during the first     Texans rule out John Simon, Alfred Blue 1 / 1 Back to Gallery 
The Texans officially ruled outside linebacker John Simon due to a chest injury suffered against the Oakland Raiders in Mexico City. 
The Texans shifted inside linebacker Akeem Dent over to his spot and could utilize him Sunday   Chargers. They also had defensive end Jadeveon Clowney line up at his natural outside linebacker position. 
Meanwhile, Texans backup running back Alfred Blue was ruled out for the second game in a row with a calf injury. Blue got hurt initially against the Jacksonville Jaguars. 
Wide receiver Jaelen Strong is out for the third game in a row with a sprained ankle. 
Rookie kick returner Tyler Ervin will miss this game with a rib injury. 
Fullback Jay Prosch is questionable with a hamstring injury, but is expected to play Sunday. 
The Texans upgraded the following players from limited to full participation: cornerback A.J. Bouye (ankle), offensive tackle Duane Brown (knee), inside linebacker Max Bullough (elbow), offensive tackle Chris Clark (hip), tight end C.J. Fiedorowicz (shoulder), wide receiver Will Fuller (knee) and tight end Ryan Griffin (neck).
NUEVOTEXTO
It's 10 minutes until opening kickoff on Sunday, and the empty flex position is just staring at you, mocking your indecisiveness. You know the right move can be the difference between a week of bragging rights and another crushing defeat, but you can't shake the gnawing fear that a player will score three touchdowns on your bench while the starter does nothing.
Almost all fantasy football players are familiar with the feeling.
In theory, players should be loaded with knowledge heading into Week 11 of the NFL season, but fantasy football cares nothing for your logic or reasoning. After all, Ryan Mathews just ran for 109 yards and two touchdowns in Week 10 after tallying a combined 25 yards on the ground in his previous two games.
In an effort to fight through the unpredictability and randomness, here is a look at a projection for the top 50 points-per-reception league players in Week 11, factoring opponent and overall skill level into the rankings. 
Only running backs and wide receivers were used for flex consideration in accordance with NFL.com's standard leagues.  
                               
Schedule Week 11 NFL Schedule Date Matchup Thursday, Nov. 17 New Orleans Saints at Carolina Panthers Sunday, Nov. 20 Pittsburgh Steelers at Cleveland Browns Sunday, Nov. 20 Baltimore Ravens at Dallas Cowboys Sunday, Nov. 20 Jacksonville Jaguars at Detroit Lions Sunday, Nov. 20 Tennessee Titans at Indianapolis Colts Sunday, Nov. 20 Buffalo Bills at Cincinnati Bengals Sunday, Nov. 20 Tampa Bay Buccaneers at Kansas City Chiefs Sunday, Nov. 20 Chicago Bears at New York Giants Sunday, Nov. 20 Arizona Cardinals at Minnesota Vikings Sunday, Nov. 20 Miami Dolphins at Los Angeles Rams Sunday, Nov. 20 New England Patriots at San Francisco 49ers Sunday, Nov. 20 Philadelphia Eagles at Seattle Seahawks Sunday, Nov. 20 Green Bay Packers at Washington Monday, Nov. 21 Houston Texans at Oakland Raiders (in Mexico City) *Bye Week: Falcons, Broncos, Jets, Chargers
NUEVOTEXTO
The AFC South is the NFL's worst division, but it's awful run is not unprecedented The AFC South is the NFL's worst division, but it's awful run is not unprecedented You only have to travel back in time six years to find a division that was this bad, for this long 2h ago • 5 min read 
As of this Friday, the Houston Texans are sitting in first place in the AFC South with a 5-3 record. The Indianapolis Colts and Tennessee Titans follow behind them at with matching 4-5 records, while the Jacksonville Jaguars occupy last place with a 2-6 mark. 
On the surface, the AFC South seems like a totally normal division -- it looks a lot like the NFC North, where the first place Minnesota Vikings also have a 5-3 record and are trailed by the 5-4 Detroit Lions , the 4-4 Green Bay Packers , and the 2-6 Chicago Bears . Why the AFC South is so ... bad 
The AFC South, though, is not like other divisions. Why? It is the only division in football where all four teams have been outscored by their opponents this season. If that holds the rest of the way (not out of the question, given the strength of the division's four occupants), it would be the first time that all four teams in any division finished the season with a negative point differential since 2010, and just the fourth time since the NFL expanded to 32 teams and adopted the eight-division format back when the Texans joined the league in 2002. The AFC South is on track to finish last among the league's eight divisions in total point differential for the second straight season, and fourth in the last five. 
This is not an isolated blip for the AFC South, either. It narrowly escaped this fate last season, when only the Texans outscored their opponents -- and did so by a mere 26 points, less than 1.5 per game. In 2013 the Colts were the only team to do it, and by a scant 55 points. The division has been dreadful for years. 
How dreadful? The division as a whole has also been outscored for an incredible six consecutive seasons (2010 through 2015), and it would take a minor miracle for that streak to not be extended to seven when this season ends. The Texans' Benardrick McKinney causes Titans running back DeMarco Murray to fumble. USATSI 
How rare is that? The next-longest streak for any division is currently one year, and it's about to be snapped (NFC East). Since 2002, there have only been four other instances where a division was outscored in even three consecutive seasons. 
The AFC South is also on track to finish last among the league's eight divisions in total point differential for the second straight season, and fourth in the last five. (Seemingly the only thing that can stop it from happening is the Cleveland Browns .) The last time that happened is the only reason we get to say that the AFC South's recent awfulness is not unprecedented. Approaching the bottom of the barrel 
The NFC West finished last among the eight divisions in total point differential in 2004, then did so for an unfathomable six straight seasons from 2006 through 2011. The division was also outscored by 150 points in the intervening year (2005), which means it had a streak of eight straight seasons with a negative overall point differential. Yes, one season longer than the streak AFC South will be on by the end of this season unless it outscores its opponents by 119 points the rest of the way. 
And here's the thing: while the 2004-2011 NFC West was worse overall than the 2010-2016 AFC South, the margin separating the two is not that great. 
The NFC West's combined record from 2004 through 2011 was 209-303 -- that's good for a .403 winning percentage, which is essentially the equivalent of every team in the division alternating with 6-10 and 7-9 records every season, for eight damn years. All four teams were outscored during that period of time, and the division's average one-season point differential was -242.1. 
The AFC South's combined record since 2010 is 176-242 -- that's good for a 0.421 winning percentage, just barely better than that of the 2004-2011 NFC West. It's the equivalent of every team in the division averaging 6.7 wins a year for the last six-and-a-half seasons. Three of the four teams have been outscored during that time (the Texans are the lone holdout, though it's possible they could join the other three by the end of the 2016 campaign), and the division's average one-season point differential is -207.7. Alex Smith. Frank Gore and the 2005 San Francisco 49ers finished 4-12 in 2005. Getty Images 
That 34.4-point per season margin separating the recent AFC South from the NFC West of days gone by may seem like a lot, but it actually works out to just over a half-point per team, per game. In other words, the AFC South we are currently watching is just about as bad a division as we've ever seen in 15-year history of the 32-team NFL. NFC West's turnaround points the way 
The story of the NFC West since 2011 points the way forward for the current version of the AFC South. In 2012, the San Francisco 49ers ( Colin Kaepernick , who eventually dropped off but bear with me here) and Seattle Seahawks ( Russell Wilson ) found themselves high-level quarterbacks. The Arizona Cardinals brought in Bruce Arians and Carson Palmer the next season, and all of a sudden the NFC West had three teams with at least 10 wins and had the best point differential of any division in the league by 2013. And this was just years removed from the eight seasons the NFC West spent as the worst division in football. 
A similar turnaround does not yet appear to be in the offing for the AFC South, however. Jaguars QB Blake Bortles has taken a step back in 2016. USATSI There's plenty of work to do, especially on defense 
The Colts have their franchise QB in Andrew Luck , but every other team in the division has serious question marks under center. The Jaguars' Blake Bortles took a step forward in 2015 but has regressed in every way imaginable this season. He does not look like the answer. Brock Osweiler has been a disaster for the Texans. The division's second-best quarterback is probably Marcus Mariota of the Titans, who can best be described as inconsistent, not just on a game-to-game basis but also from possession-to-possession. 
Not only is there a major difference in the quality of quarterback play, but there is also the other side of the ball to consider. The Seahawks and and Cardinals of recent years and the Jim Harbaugh-era 49ers all had top-notch defenses to go with their high-level quarterback play. Their rise to the top of the standings was fueled by two-way football. None of the AFC South teams currently sports a top-10 defense, let alone an elite one. 
The Colts have been dreadful on defense for almost the entirety of the Luck era, and were never exactly dominant on that side of the ball when they had Peyton Manning , either. The Jaguars have been trying to build up their defense ever since Gus Bradley got there, and while they've finally made some progress this season, they're still a long way off. The Titans defense has fallen off sharply after a good start. The Texans' defense is likely the closest of the four to reaching the level it needs to be, what with a trio of good corners and playmakers up front, but they will need J.J. Watt to come back healthy if they want to get there. J.J. Watt, the AFC South's best defender, will miss most of the season with a back injury. USATSI 
All of this is by way of saying: the AFC South still has a long way to go to dig itself out of this hole that it's in. The safe bet is probably that the division will match the 2004-2011 NFC West with an eighth consecutive season of being outscored in 2017. Unless these teams find true answers at quarterback or on defense, the streak may even continue beyond that.
NUEVOTEXTO
The NFL is reportedly telling teams not to comment publicly on concussions The Alex Smith situation reportedly led to a memo to the league regarding concussions moments ago • 1 min read 
Following a Week 9 victory over the Colts , the Chiefs told the world that Alex Smith , who was removed from the game and put into the concussion protocol, did not have a concussion . That they kept him in the concussion protocol all week anyway and then didn't play him against the Jaguars , was weird but at least they were being honest and open. 
The NFL didn't appreciate that, apparently. According to Mike Florio of Pro Football Talk , the league sent a memo to personnel telling them not to talk about concussions publicly. 
The memo, sent from Troy Vincent, the league's VP of football operations, specifically instructed teams to "refrain from making public comments regarding the condition of a concussed player or speculating as to when he may return to practice and play once in the concussion protocol." 
Instead, the league wants teams to respond to concussion questions by stating "that the player is in the concussion protocol under the supervision of the medical team, and the club will monitor his status." 
At first blush, it sounds like the sort of thing a league uninterested in providing information about concussions would do. 
But if you think about the decision, it actually makes sense. The Chiefs were doing the right thing by providing information on Smith, but they also inadvertently created a ton of confusion. 
The only people talking about concussions, the league believes, should be the independent neurologists and medical personnel. 
The talking point provides a level of consistency with the league's approach towards head injuries, which also makes it an intelligent move to make.
NUEVOTEXTO
The fantasy football waiver wire in Week 10 is quite bare and looking for a sleeper. At this point in the NFL season, the wire is nearing on desperation. But alas, here we are.
It's been a tough year for many fantasy football players. With the likes of Jamaal Charles and Adrian Peterson out injured since, essentially, the whole season, the bust of drafting Todd Gurley early in the first round and passing on Melvin Gordon in the third round because of his subpar rookie season, there is a lot to regret. So let's try to move on and find some sleepers while we still can. 
There's no point talking about quarterbacks as top fantasy targets to add with the season well past the halfway point. Besides, there just aren't many viable options available now that bye weeks are well underway and most fantasy teams carry two quarterbacks on a roster. Instead, we'll take a look at the other offensive positions with the top options available in Yahoo fantasy leagues. 
Each player listed below is available in over 50 percent of Yahoo leagues as of Monday night, so hopefully they're still available by the time you finish reading and put in a waiver claim. 
Top Fantasy Free Agents to Target Position Player Team Percent Owned RB Mike Gillislee Buffalo Bills 39 percent RB Chris Ivory Jacksonville Jaguars 34 percent RB Jalen Richard Oakland Raiders 13 percent WR Rishard Matthews Tennessee Titans 30 percent WR Chris Hogan New England Patriots 21 percent WR Adam Humphries Tampa Bay Buccaneers 20 percent WR Brandon LaFell Cincinnati Bengals 15 percent TE Lance Kendricks Los Angeles Rams 15 percent Yahoo Sports
NUEVOTEXTO
View photos
New England Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski (87) walks off the field with an injury during the second quarter of an NFL football game against the New York Jets, Sunday, Nov. 27, 2016, in East Rutherford, N.J. (AP Photo/Bill Kostroun) More The Latest on Week 12 of the NFL season (all times Eastern):
12:15 a.m.
Denver and Kansas City exchanged field goals in overtime, leaving them tied at 27. Brandon McManus connected on a 44-yarder and Cairo Santos countered with a 37-yarder.
Kansas City scored with 12 seconds remaining in regulation when Tyreek Hill caught a 3-yard pass from Alex Smith. Hill was first ruled short of the goal line, but a review changed the call to a TD. The Chiefs tied it when Smith hit Demetrius Harris for the 2-point conversion.
---
9:45 p.m.
This was quite a 10-second span for the Kansas City Chiefs : Justin Houston forced a fumble that led to a safety and Tyreek Hill returned the ensuing free kick for an 86-yard touchdown. The Chiefs lead 9-0 in a game where the offense has gained just 57 yards so far.
Houston sacked Broncos QB Trevor Siemian in the end zone, with Broncos offensive tackle Russell Okung saving a TD by pouncing on the loose football. It didn't last as Hill found a lane through the Broncos coverage unit. He was so far in the clear that he high-fived De'Anthony Thomas on his way into the end zone.
---
9:30 p.m.
Broncos running back Kapri Bibbs returned to the field in the second quarter after being evaluated for a possible concussion.
Bibbs remained on the ground for several minutes after a helmet-to-helmet hit from Kansas City safety Eric Berry in the first quarter. Bibbs was eventually helped up by trainers.
The running back out of Colorado State is backing up rookie Devontae Booker with C.J. Anderson sidelined by a knee injury.
---
9:10 p.m.
Broncos running back Kapri Bibbs was assisted off the field after a helmet-to-helmet hit from Kansas City safety Eric Berry.
Bibbs remained on the ground for several minutes after his 7-yard gain. He was eventually helped up by trainers. The team announced he's being evaluated for a possible concussion.
The running back out of Colorado State is backing up rookie Devontae Booker with C.J. Anderson sidelined by a knee injury.
---
7:45 p.m.
Raiders linebacker Khalil Mack came up with a strip sack on fourth down to stop Cam Newton and the Carolina Panthers from a last-minute comeback, pushing Oakland to its first winning season since 2002.
That also happened to be the year the Raiders last went to the playoffs, when they lost to Tampa Bay in the Super Bowl.
The thrilling 35-32 finished capped three strong late afternoon games, with the Patriots overcoming early struggles to beat the Jets 22-17 and Tampa Bay besting the Seahawks 14-5.
The Sunday night game is Kansas City at Denver.
---
6:35 p.m.
Derek Carr briefly left the Oakland Raiders game against Carolina after hurting his right pinky finger on a fumbled snap early in the third quarter.
Carr grabbed at his throwing hand in pain as soon as he dropped the snap from Rodney Hudson on the second play from scrimmage in the third quarter. The Panthers recovered the ball and cut Oakland's lead to 24-13 on Jonathan Stewart's 1-yard run. Denico Autry blocked Graham Gano's extra point attempt.
Carr was taken to the locker room and was replaced by Matt McGloin to start the next series, but soon returned wearing a black glove on his right hand.
On his first play back, he completed a 17-yard pass to Clive Walford.
- Josh Dubow reporting from Oakland, California
---
6:20 p.m.
New England tight end Rob Gronkowski was downgraded to out for the rest of the game against the New York Jets with a back injury.
Gronkowski left the game late in the first quarter and was initially questionable to return. He had been uncertain to play after missing last week's game with a chest injury. It was not immediately certain if the latest injury was connected to the previous one.
Gronkowski had no catches when he left, with Tom Brady unable to connect with him on two third-down throws.
Martellus Bennett, Gronkowski's backup, was also banged up early in the second half when he appeared to injure his left foot or ankle.
- Dennis Waszak Jr. reporting from East Rutherford, New Jersey.
---
5:35 p.m.
Tom Brady became the fifth player in NFL history to reach 60,000 yards passing for his career, reaching the milestone on an 18-yard pass to Julian Edelman with 9:40 left in the second quarter of the New England Patriots' game against the New York Jets.
Brady, who is also looking to tie Peyton Manning for career wins by a quarterback with 200, came into Sunday's game needing 57 yards passing to join Manning (71,940), Brett Favre (71,838), Drew Brees (64,180) and Dan Marino (61,361).
Read More The Patriots quarterback, who was questionable for the game with an ailing knee, is 21-6 in the regular season against the Jets as starter and could join Favre as only QBs in NFL history with at least 22 wins against two teams. Brady has 26 victories vs. Buffalo; Favre has 26 wins vs. Detroit and 23 vs. Chicago.
- Dennis Waszak reporting from East Rutherford, New Jersey.
---
5:15 p.m.
New England tight end Rob Gronkowski left the Patriots' game against the New York Jets late in the first quarter with a back injury.
The Patriots announced that Gronkowski is questionable to return.
Gronkowski had been questionable to play after missing last week's game with a chest injury. He had no catches when he left, with Tom Brady unable to connect with him on two third-down throws.
- Dennis Waszak Jr. reporting from East Rutherford, New Jersey.
---
4:40 p.m.
The Saints blew out Los Angeles and their former defensive coordinator now working for the Rams. Buffalo hung on during a back and forth match with Jacksonville to deny the Jaguars a third win. And the Ravens beat the Bengals behind several long field goals from Justin Tucker, dropping Cincinnati to 3-7-1, including 1-5 in road games.
Other results from early games Sunday:
- Giants 27, Browns 13
- Falcons 38, Cardinals 19
- Dolphins 31, 49ers 24
- Titans 27, Bears 21
- Chargers 21, Texans 13.
---
3:15 p.m.
Breathe easy, Patriots fans. As expected, Tom Brady is active, and so is Rob Gronkowski.
The New England star quarterback and tight end were both listed as questionable heading into the team's game Sunday against the New York Jets.
Brady missed two days of practice with a knee injury, but returned Friday - although the Patriots were taking a wait-and-see approach. Gronkowski missed last week's game at San Francisco with a chest injury and it appeared early in the week that he would also miss this week, but he improved enough for the Patriots to make him active.
Tight end Martellus Bennett (ankle, shoulder) and wide receivers Julian Edelman (foot) and Chris Hogan (back) are also playing after being listed as questionable, making all of Brady's top targets available. - Dennis Waszak Jr. reporting from East Rutherford, New Jersey.
---
3 p.m.
Buffalo Bills running back LeSean McCoy has opened the second half by scoring on a 75-yard touchdown - the longest run of his career - against the Jacksonville Jaguars .
His previous career-long was a 66-yard gain in 2009, his rookie season.
The touchdown was also McCoy's second of the game after he scored on a 7-yard run in the final minute of the first half.
McCoy has now scored two or more touchdowns in three games this season, the most by a Bills player since running back Willis McGahee did that five times in 2004.
- John Wawrow reporting from Orchard Park, New York.
---
2:40 p.m.
Another big drop by Atlanta receiver Julio Jones led to a possible six-point swing at the end of the first half vs. the Arizona Cardinals.
With the Falcons leading 17-10 and in position for a possible field goal to extend their lead, Matt Ryan went to Jones on a quick slant. Jones bobbled the ball, however, and Arizona's D.J. Swearinger grabbed it for an interception with 20 seconds left.
Carson Palmer followed with a 17-yard pass to J.J. Nelson into Atlanta territory. With 5 seconds left, the Falcons dropped everyone deep expecting a Hail Mary throw on the final play. Instead, the Cardinals threw a quick pass to Larry Fitzgerald, who went to the turf in time for Arizona to call a timeout with 1 second left.
Chandler Catanzaro knocked through a 54-yard field goal to cut Atlanta's lead to 17-13 at the break.
Jones also dropped a key pass near the end of the Falcons' most recent game, a loss at Philadelphia two weeks ago.
- Paul Newberry reporting from Atlanta.
---
2:20 p.m.
The New Orleans Saints have surged in front of the Los Angeles Rams thanks to a pair of touchdowns both scored on fourth-and-1 plays less than two minutes apart.
In both situations, the Saints were stuffed on third-and-1 by the Rams, whose defensive coordinator, Gregg Williams, held the same post under Saints coach Sean Payton from 2009 to 2011.
On the first, Ingram took a pitch to the left side and used a sharp cut back toward the middle for a 10-yard touchdown that tied the score at 14.
On the Rams' next possession, rookie quarterback Jared Goff was sacked and stripped by rookie defensive tackle Sheldon Rankins, fellow first-rounder last spring. Paul Kruger recovered for New Orleans on the L.A. 10.
After Tim Hightower was stopped on third-and-goal from 1, Brees kept the ball on fourth down, diving over a pile of players on the goal line and reaching for the score to make it 21-14 in the middle of the second quarter.
- Brett Martel reporting from New Orleans.
---
2:05 p.m.
Buffalo Bills cornerback Ronald Darby has sustained a concussion and been ruled out from returning against the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Darby was hurt in the first quarter after taking a knee to the head while tackling running back Chris Ivory in the first quarter.
Later, the Jaguars announced Ivory has hurt one of his hamstrings, and it's questionable whether he'll return to play.
Ivory had nine carries for 44 yards, including a 2-yard touchdown, and a catch for 11 yards before he was hurt late in the first quarter.
If Ivory can't continue, the Jaguars will have to lean on T.J Yeldon, who was bothered by an ankle injury this past week.
The Jaguars also announced that receiver Rashad Greene Sr. (Achilles) and safety Peyton Thompson (ankle) are also listed as questionable to return.
- John Wawrow reporting from Orchard Park, New York.
---
1:45 p.m.
New York Giants star wide receiver Odell Beckham Jr. left the game for one series after hurting his right thumb.
Beckham was taken to the locker room for X-rays after getting hurt in the first quarter Sunday against the Browns. He returned for New York's second possession in the second quarter.
Beckham had three catches before getting hurt. He came in with 59 receptions for 819 yards and a team-high six touchdowns.
- Tom Withers reporting from Cleveland.
---
1:40 p.m.
Buffalo Bills starting cornerback Ronald Darby has been escorted to the locker room after taking a knee to the head while tackling Jacksonville Jaguars running back Chris Ivory in the first quarter.
The Bills announced Darby is being monitored for a potential concussion.
Ivory caught a short pass while crossing to his right, and leapt into the air as he was brought down by Darby and Zach Brown.
Darby sat on the field for several minutes before being helped up by the team's medical staff. He looked dazed as he made his way off the field and nearly tripped at one point.
- John Wawrow reporting from Orchard Park, New York.
---
1:30 p.m.
Finally.
The Jacksonville Jaguars streak of opening-drive futility is over after Chris Ivory scored on a 2-yard run against the Buffalo Bills. It marked the first time in 25 games the Jaguars have scored a touchdown on their first possession. It was the NFL's longest active streak, dating to Week 3 of the 2015 season.
During the 24-game drought, Jacksonville had three field goals, punted 18 times and turned the ball over three times.
Ivory's touchdown capped an 11-play, 75-yard drive spanning 6:45. The Jaguars converted three third-down chances, including their last one courtesy of a defensive holding penalty against Corey White on third-and-goal from the 3.
- John Wawrow reporting from Orchard Park, New York.
---
1:20 p.m.
San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick is drawing jeers at the start of his team's game at Miami.
There were loud boos from the crowd when Kaepernick and the rest of the 49ers offense trotted onto the field for their first series, and more jeers just before the snap on first down. The possession ended with a Kaepernick touchdown pass to Carlos Hyde.
Kaepernick drew criticism in Miami when he defended former Cuban leader Fidel Castro during a conference call Wednesday with reporters in South Florida, citing Cuba's high literacy rate. In August, Kaepernick wore a T-shirt that featured Castro and Malcolm X.
Castro, who died Friday, has strong critics within South Florida's large Cuban-American population.
Kaepernick has kneeled through the national anthem all season to protest police brutality and the treatment of minorities.
-Steven Wine reporting from Miami.
---
12:50 p.m.
The Chicago Bears paid tribute to the World Series champion Cubs prior to Sunday's game against the Tennessee Titans.
They showed a video of the World Series celebration. Cubs chairman Tom Ricketts, standing at the 50-yard line, then raised the championship trophy above his head.
The Cubs beat the Cleveland Indians to win the World Series for the first time since 1908 and end baseball's longest title drought.
---
12:10 p.m.
Laremy Tunsil is inactive Sunday because of a shoulder injury, leaving the Miami Dolphins without three starting offensive linemen against the 49ers.
Center Mike Pouncey was earlier ruled out due to a hip injury. Left tackle Branden Albert is inactive as expected with a dislocated left wrist.
Anthony Steen is starting at center, Kraig Urbik at left guard and Sam Young at left tackle.
Pouncey and Albert both missed last week's game against the Rams, and Tunsil departed in the first half, leaving the Dolphins with a patchwork line as they earned their fifth victory in a row.
-Steven Wine reporting from Miami.
---
More AP NFL football: http://pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP-NFL
NUEVOTEXTO
AFC notes: Bengals' A.J. Green is 36 yards from his sixth 1,000 yard season AFC notes: Bengals' A.J. Green is 36 yards from his sixth 1,000 yard season Kathy Willens / Associated Press Bengals receiver A.J. Green catches a pass in front of Jets cornerback Darrelle Revis during a game on Sept. 11. Bengals receiver A.J. Green catches a pass in front of Jets cornerback Darrelle Revis during a game on Sept. 11. (Kathy Willens / Associated Press) Matt Wilhalme 
Baltimore Ravens : The Ravens are allowing an NFL -low 31.5% conversion rate on third down. Dennis Pitta , who sat out 2015 season, is second among tight ends with 46 catches. 
Buffalo Bills : Quarterback Tyrod Taylor needs 70 yards rushing to reach 1,000 with Bills and leads all quarterbacks this season with 362 yards rushing. 
Cincinnati Bengals : A.J. Green is 36 yards shy of joining Randy Moss as only receivers with 1,000 yards receiving in each of their first six seasons. Moss did it from 1998-2003. 
Cleveland Browns : Cody Kessler will start at quarterback despite being pulled in second half last week. He has just one interception with six touchdowns in seven starts. 
Denver Broncos : Cornerback Aqib Talib returned to practice this week. He’s been out since October with a back injury but is expected to play against the Chiefs next week. 
Houston Texans : Texans quarterback Brock Osweiler is averaging league-low 5.6 yards per pass. Houston has been outscored by its opponents by 27 points despite its 6-3 record. 
Indianapolis Colts : Colts are coming off their bye week and seeking their first back-to-back wins of the season. Andrew Luck has been sacked a league-high 33 times. 
Jacksonville Jaguars : The Jaguars have failed to score a touchdown on their opening possession in 23 straight games, the longest current streak in league. 
Kansas City Chiefs: Spencer Ware is tied for fifth in yards from scrimmage per game (112). Eric Berry had fourth career interception return for touchdown last week. 
Miami Dolphins : The Dolphins have scored at least 27 points in every game of a four-game win streak, which is the team’s most prolific scoring stretch since 2009. 
New England Patriots : Tight end Rob Gronkowski (chest) will miss Sunday’s game against the 49ers . Martellus Bennett is expected to get the start in his place. 
N.Y. Jets : Jets haven’t decided whether Ryan Fitzpatrick , who has NFL’s most interceptions (13), or Bryce Petty , who has one career start, will start after the bye week. 
Oakland Raiders : Khalil Mack sacked the Texans’ Osweiler five times last year when the quarter- back played in Denver. Mack has six sacks in the last four games. 
Pittsburgh Steelers : Steelers quarterback Ben Roeth- lisberger is 19-2 in starts — 20-2 overall — against the Browns. In total, he’s passed for 5,323 yards against Cleveland. 
San Diego Chargers: The Chargers have lost nose tackle Brandon Mebane for the season to a torn biceps injury. Damion Square is expected to take over for Mebane. 
Tennessee Titans : Marcus Mariota has thrown an NFL-high 17 TD passes in last six weeks. He’s thrown for four scores in a game six times, a record for 22 career games. Caption Breaking down No. 13 USC's 36-14 victory over UCLA 
Breaking down No. 13 USC's 36-14 victory over UCLA at the Rose Bowl. 
Breaking down No. 13 USC's 36-14 victory over UCLA at the Rose Bowl. Caption Breaking down No. 13 USC's 36-14 victory over UCLA 
Breaking down No. 13 USC's 36-14 victory over UCLA at the Rose Bowl. 
Breaking down No. 13 USC's 36-14 victory over UCLA at the Rose Bowl. Caption Jared Goff promoted to Rams' starter in Week 11 
Rams Coach Jeff Fisher announced that Jared Goff, the No. 1 pick in the 2016 draft, would make his first start against the Dolphins on Sunday. 
Rams Coach Jeff Fisher announced that Jared Goff, the No. 1 pick in the 2016 draft, would make his first start against the Dolphins on Sunday. Caption Los Angeles Rams break ground on new stadium 
A groundbreaking ceremony was held in Inglewood as construction of the Los Angeles Rams' new $2.6-billion stadium officially got underway. (Genaro Molina / Los Angeles Times) 
A groundbreaking ceremony was held in Inglewood as construction of the Los Angeles Rams' new $2.6-billion stadium officially got underway. (Genaro Molina / Los Angeles Times) Caption Onyeka Okongwu offers words of wisdom 
6-9 sophomore is more than just good basketball player 
6-9 sophomore is more than just good basketball player Caption City cross country finals 
Freshman Lila Copeland wins Division I girls' title 
Freshman Lila Copeland wins Division I girls' title 
Follow Matt Wilhalme on Twitter @mattwilhalme
NUEVOTEXTO
NFL Power Rankings 2016 Week 13 The Buccaneers and Dolphins are making noise, and the Giants jump into the top five They've ripped off 10 straight victories, but they have to be concerned about their pass rush. They didn't have a sack against the Redskins. -- It wasn't pretty against the Jets, but that's what good teams do. They find a way. -- They still have to be concerned about the defense. It has to be better come playoff team. Derek Carr's injured finger bears watching. -- At 8-3, barring a catastrophe, they should be a playoff team. They face a tough test this week at Pittsburgh. 2 That was a big-time victory at Denver. When they get Dee Ford back to go with Justin Houston, they will be menacing on defense. 3 They came out of their bye and played well against Arizona. The loss of corner Desmond Trufant for the season will really hurt the defense. 1 They had to feel like they gave one away against the Chiefs. Their offense has to do more. 3 The offensive line has to get better. Tampa Bay beat them up last week, and Russell Wilson had issues. 3 They find a way to win close games, getting seven of them to lead the NFC North. They essentially have a two-game lead in the division with five to go. -- Winning six straight has them in the playoff hunt. Their game at Baltimore this week will feel like a playoff game. 1 Kirk Cousins rolled up big numbers against Dallas, but it wasn't enough. They face a second straight road game this week at Arizona. 1 They sit in first place in the AFC North with a tough game this week at home against the Dolphins. Their defense is improving by the week. 2 They seemed to get the offense rolling against the Colts on Thanksgiving. Now they face a challenge with the Giants coming to town. 2 They are improving on defense, which will decide their playoff fate. The young players are growing up. 2 They aren't done yet. This is a team nobody will want to see in the playoffs -- if they can get there. 5 They are in first place, but they hardly look like a first-place team. Two consecutive losses has them reeling heading to Green Bay. 4 They have now lost five of their last six and are two behind the Lions in the division since they lost twice to them. Now comes a tough one with the Cowboys on Thursday night. 4 We were reminded on Thanksgiving of the value of Andrew Luck when he couldn't play against the Steelers. He will be back this week against the Jets. -- They are one game out of first place in the division as they head to their bye week. Mike Mularkey has done a nice job. -- By rallying to beat the Jaguars, they are still alive and kicking in the playoff chase. They face a tough, long trip to Oakland this week. 1 What we saw Monday night against the Eagles is what we expected to see this season. They are still alive. 1 They impressed against the Rams. Drew Brees is rolling again. 3 They've lost two straight games and any talk of winning the division is done. The wild-card chances are slipping away as well. 6 Their playoff chances are about done, which means it's a full Super Bowl hangover. It has never looked right. 1 Here's a team that had a lot expected of it, but now will be playing out the string. Is a coaching change coming? 1 It seems like anything that could go wrong has gone wrong this season. It's hard to believe they have a losing record. -- Jared Goff did some really good things against the Saints. That gives them hope for the future. -- This season is done. They are all about next year so why not play a young quarterback? -- They are undermanned, but they fought against the Titans. Matt Barkley did some good things. -- They battle at Buffalo, and this is a team that has young talent. It's clear that another coach will lead all of it next season. -- Colin Kaepernick is playing good football for a team going nowhere. Why did it take Chip Kelly so long to play him? -- They have so many issues right now. It's about the future as they play out the season. -- 
Pete Prisco has covered the NFL for three decades, including working as a beat reporter in Jacksonville for the Jaguars. When he's not watching game tape, you can find Pete on Twitter or dreaming of an... Full Bio Add a comment
NUEVOTEXTO
Maserati confirmed it’s moving forward with the development of a new sports car inspired by the head-turning Alfieri concept. The model will launch with a powerful gasoline engine between the fenders, but it will become the Fiat-owned company’s first battery-electric model shortly after its introduction.
The Alfieri — a name that might not be retained for production — will be offered both as a coupe and as a convertible. Earlier rumors claimed it would take on the Porsche 718 Boxster /Cayman and Renault’s born-again Alpine sports car , but one of the company’s top executives recently told British website Just-Auto that it’s shaping up to be a considerably bigger model.
“Alfieri will be bigger than Boxster and Cayman. It is being designed as a competitor to the 911 but it will be a larger car. More the size of a Jaguar F-Type,” explained Peter Denton, the manager of Maserati’s northern European division.
The generous dimensions will presumably allow engineers to give the Alfieri a large battery pack. The added mass could be offset by using lightweight materials such as carbon fiber, which sister company Alfa Romeo already dabbles in. At any rate, it’s evident that Maserati is intent on blazing its own path toward electrification instead of simply following Tesla.
More: Could a V8-powered Maserati Levante topple the Porsche Cayenne Turbo?
With the new Levante SUV headed to showrooms, Maserati is shifting its focus to developing a replacement for the GranTurismo/GranCabrio twins. Production of both models ended a few weeks ago but it sounds like the new cars are still in the embryonic stage of development; Denton hinted they won’t be ready for another two years. Insiders suggest the second-generation models will be smaller, lighter, and much more driver-focused.
Maserati is expected to introduce the V8-powered version of the Alfieri in 2019, about a year after the new GranTurismo/GranCabrio, and the electric model will appear in 2020 at the earliest. The gasoline-burning model will cost about the same as the F-Type, which carries a base price of $61,400. Executives are confident the onslaught of new models will help the brand achieve its ambitious goal of selling 75,000 cars annually by the year 2018.
Why Porsche won't build smaller, more affordable cars any time soon Maserati wants its very first electric model to stand out from the competition Maserati says it’s working on an electric vehicle for 2020 unlike anything you’ve seen
NUEVOTEXTO
NRL stars Jason Taumalolo and Valentine Holmes will reportedly be invited back to the United States for a second trial for NFL recruiters. The pair impressed scouts from 14 NFL teams during a two-hour workout in Los Angeles on Saturday (Sunday AEDT), performing cone drills, a 40-yard (36m) sprint and other skills and agility exercises.
Five teams have formally expressed interest in the players returning to again test their abilities in front of NFL scouts, according to News Corp Australia. It is unknown when rampaging North Queensland forward Taumalolo and Cronulla backline ace Holmes will be requested to return to the US.
Clubs call for no-confidence vote in NRL chairman John Grant Read more
February’s annual NFL scouting combine, a week-long showcase involving top college draft prospects, is one option for their return. That, however, would clash with their NRL clubs’ preparations for 2017 as pre-season training nears completion.
Taumalolo, 23, and Holmes, 21, say they remain committed to their NRL teams for 2017 – the last years of their contracts – but if offered an NFL contract would move to the US in 2018. “To come over here and have another go at a sport is another challenge for us,” Taumalolo said.
The scouts – from the Eagles, San Francisco 49ers, Chicago Bears, Jacksonville Jaguars, Indianapolis Colts, Kansas City Chiefs, New York Jets, Buffalo Bills, LA Rams, Cleveland Browns, Arizona Cardinals, Green Bay Packers, San Diego Chargers and Seattle Seahawks – stood on the field with clipboards and stop watches as Taumalolo and Holmes performed drills.
A Philadelphia Eagles scout, who asked not to be named, said Saturday’s workout was just the first step of their NFL journey. “They are big, strong athletes,” the Eagles scout said on Saturday. “The balance, strength, body control, the change in direction, they have that. Their discipline today was outstanding.”
The workout’s organiser, Jeffrey Foster, president of the National Football Scouting, was impressed by not only their physical talent, but intellect. “Both players were told what to do, they did it one time and they were done which I think speaks highly of them and their ability to listen, learn and to perform under what was probably a lot of pressure,” Foster said.
NUEVOTEXTO
Next Generation BMW 5 Series To Arrive In India In 2017 Next Generation BMW 5 Series To Arrive In India In 2017 The new generation BMW 5 Series is already on sale overseas The design is similar to the outgoing version, albeit sharper than ever Engine options will include the 2.0-litre petrol and diesel engines The next generation BMW 5 Series made its global debut in October this year and received major upgrades over the outgoing version, in-line with the new generation 7 Series sedan. A popular model for the German auto giant globally, the new gen 5 Series is already on sale overseas and BMW India has now confirmed that the model will be making its way to the country next year. 
The all-new BMW 5 Series was an eagerly awaited model and packs in a host of new tech on board, new engine options and an evolutionary styling. The design is similar to the outgoing version, albeit sharper than ever. The headlamps flow into the grille, while the famed kidney grille now features active slats that close when necessary for improved aerodynamics. The side profile boasts of the car's elongated wheelbase now, with the rear getting sharp LED tail lamps. 54 Lakh * On Road Price (New Delhi) FIND OUT MORE 
The new generation BMW 5 Series has lost a good 62 kg of weight, thanks to the use of high-strength steel, aluminium and magnesium in its construction. The chassis is new and the car is expected to be agiler than the current model. In dimensions, though, BMW has increased the sedan by 30.5mm in length, 7.6mm in width and 15.1mm in height. The car now comes with an additional 5.08mm of rear seat legroom. 
Engine options will include the 2.0-litre petrol and diesel engine options with power expected to start around 248bhp and 350Nm of torque. On the xDrive mode, the car is said to do the 0-100 km/h run in 6.2 seconds. India is expected to get the rear wheel drive versions with power sent via the new 8-speed automatic transmission. Furthermore, the car will also come with driving assists including optional Adaptive Drive system with updated Dynamic Damper Control, and can adjust the anti-roll bars. You will also get features like Active Lane Keeping Assistant and Traffic Jam Assistant, giving the car semi-autonomous capabilities. 
When it arrives in India next year, the new generation BMW 5 Series will be locking horns with the Jaguar XF , Audi A6 and new generation Mercedes-Benz E-Class , which is also slated for a generation change next year.
NUEVOTEXTO
OPEN Graphic James Starks (GB at Redskins) — He seems to have earned the lead role in the Packers’ backfield after just one game back. He played in 71 percent of the team’s snaps, scoring a passing touchdown along the way, while Ty Montgomery’s role diminished surprisingly fast. Washington’s 11 rushing touchdowns against the position are tied for the third most this season. Sleeper: Isaiah Crowell (CLE vs. Steelers) Proceed With Caution: Rashad Jennings (NYG vs. Bears) Wide Receivers Julian Edelman (NE at 49ers) — He has been getting more action over the last three games, including his first touchdown in Week 8, and may be on the verge of a breakout performance against the 49ers, who yield the most touchdowns and the third most fantasy points to the position. Tyreek Hill (KC at Buccaneers) — Not a guy you normally plug into a lineup every week, but circumstances are favorable for a strong fantasy performance for the “freaky fast” rookie. The Chiefs’ top receiver, Jeremy Maclin, has yet to practice this week because of a thigh injury. With Maclin sidelined last week, Hill received career highs in targets (13) and receptions (10). Up next is a favorable matchup against the Buccaneers. DeAndre Hopkins (HOU at Raiders) — Personally, this is probably the last chance I’m giving Hopkins in 2016. He hasn’t had a touchdown since Week 5 and has only topped 100 yards. There’s definitely a chemistry problem between Hopkins and Brock Osweiler. Those issues can be worked out over time, and Hopkins was targeted 13 times last week, but the problem is Osweiler’s ability to put the ball in his hands. The Raiders allow the 11th most fantasy points to the position. This is a start in DFS leagues that could win you a tournament, as most daily players have probably given up on him. Are you feeling lucky? Sleepers: Sterling Shepard (NYG vs. Bears); DeSean Jackson (WAS vs. Packers) Proceed With Caution: Larry Fitzgerald (ARI at Vikings) Tight End Photo The Jaguars’ Julius Thomas had 10 targets last week and is facing a Lions defense that is allowing the most fantasy points to tight ends. Credit Sam Greenwood/Getty Images Julius Thomas (JAX at Lions) — Coming off his most targets yet (10), and with three touchdowns in three of his last four games, it’s hard not to like him against the Lions, who give up the most fantasy points to the position, including the second most touchdowns. Sleeper: Ladarius Green (PIT at Browns) Proceed With Caution: Kyle Rudolph (MIN vs. Cardinals) Defense/Special Teams
NUEVOTEXTO
11m ago • 7 min read 
Week 10 is officially underway -- the Baltimore Ravens got things started by thumping the still-winless Cleveland Browns , 28-7 -- and now we're looking ahead to the weekend's action. Here are the most recent odds, and how and why they've changed over the course of the week. NFL Week 10 updated odds 
( via VegasInsider.com ) 
Texans (5-3) at Jaguars (2-6) (Monday's line: Houston Texans , -1) 
Current line: Jacksonville Jaguars (-1.5 points): Yes, the Jaguars are terrible, but don't let the Texans' record fool you, it's tough to argue they're much better. In fact, according to Football Outsiders ' metrics, the Jags rank 28th and the Texans rank ... 30th . That's right, only the Browns and New York Jets are worse, on a play-by-play basis. Let that sink in for a moment. 
Chiefs (6-2) at Panthers (3-5) (Monday's line: Carolina Panthers , -3 points) 
Current line: Panthers (-3 points): So nothing's changed the past four days. Here's what CBSSports.com's John Breech wrote in his Monday picks column: The Kansas City Chiefs are expected to get Alex Smith (concussion) back for this game, which is good news for Kansas City, because the Chiefs offense looked atrocious in Week 9 with Nick Foles running the show against the Jaguars. If for some reason Smith can't go, the Panthers defense will likely eat Foles alive. Although the Chiefs have been hot over the past season and half (16-2 straight up in their past 18 regular-season games), they've struggled against the NFC, going 2-3 straight up and 1-3-1 ATS since the beginning of 2015. The Chiefs haven't won in Charlotte since 1997. 
Denver Broncos (6-3) at New Orleans Saints (4-4) (Monday line: Saints, -1 point) 
Current line: Saints (-3 points): Basically, the game comes down to this: Can the Saints' high-powered offense outlast the Broncos' stifling defense. And can Denver's second-year quarterback, Trevor Siemian , show enough consistency against a Saints' D that's one of the league's worst? Related fun facts, courtesy of STATS: Drew Brees is 2-7 in his career against the Broncos, his worst record against any opponent he's faced at least five times; he has only five TD passes in those nine starts against Denver. In his last six home games overall, Brees has 18 TD passes, two interceptions, an average of 380.3 yards per game, and a 114.1 rating. Trevor Siemian completed only 48.6 percent of his passes last week; over the last three games, his completion percentage is 52.0, lowest in the NFL in Weeks 7-9 (minimum 50 attempts). On the road in 2016, Siemian has eight TD passes, one interception and a 97.5 rating. 
Rams (3-5) at Jets (3-6) (Monday's line: Jets, -2.5 points) 
Current line: Jets (-1.5 points): Remember when coach Jeff Fisher said the 2016 version of his team wouldn't even entertain "some 7-9 b t," even though his Los Angeles Rams career has been defined by mediocrity? Well, that's how you end up as underdogs against the Jets. If you're a glutton for punishment and the chance to watch some truly terrible quarterback play, this could be the game for you, especially if there are Bryce Petty and/or Jared Goff sightings. 
Atlanta Falcons (6-3) at Philadelphia Eagles (4-4) (Monday's line: Eagles, -1.5) 
Current line: Falcons (-2 points): The Falcons have won three straight against the Eagles, and now they come to Philly with an MVP candidate in Matt Ryan , an unstoppable downfield threat in Julio Jones and a potent running game. The Eagles' defense has been solid for much of the season but rookie quarterback Carson Wentz , after a strong start, has cooled off in recent weeks. 
From our friends at STATS: Just nine games into the season (with seven to play), the Falcons have five wins when allowing 28 or more points. This ties a full season NFL record for wins when allowing at least 28 points (also held by the 2000 St. Louis Rams). 
Vikings (5-3) at Redskins (4-3-1) (Monday's line: Washington Redskins , -2.5 points) 
Current line: Redskins (-2.5 points): Here's Breech on Monday: You can probably call this the "Ugly Bowl" because these two teams have combined to win exactly zero games since the beginning of Week 7, with the Minnesota Vikings going 0-3 straight up and the Redskins 0-1-1 straight up. The Redskins have struggled against the NFC North recently, going just 2-5 straight up since 2013, a record that includes a loss to the Lions this year. Despite their recent struggles, the Vikings have still been good ATS over the past season and half. Since the beginning of 2015, Minnesota is 19-6 ATS, the best record in the NFL over that span. This game will match two coaches who are extremely familiar with each other. Redskins coach Jay Gruden and Vikings coach Mike Zimmer were both coordinators in Cincinnati from 2011 to 2013. 
Packers (4-4) at Titans (4-5) (Opening line: Green Bay Packers , -2.5 points) 
Current line: Packers (-3 points): These ain't the Packers we're used to seeing. In fact, this isn't even the 2015 Packers, who most folks agreed were underachievers. Something's wrong with a once surgically precise offense and it's not clear there's an easy fix. The Tennessee Titans , meanwhile, have already doubled their win total from a season ago. 
Other nuggets, via STATS: Wide receiver Ty Montgomery has led the Packers in rushing in each of the past two games. He's now totaled nearly as many rushes this season (21) as receptions (23). But the Packers haven't scored a rushing touchdown in six games, one shy of the team's longest drought since 1925 (seven games on four occasions). Marcus Mariota has thrown at least two touchdown passes in each of his past five games, one shy of Warren Moon's franchise record (6) for the 1987 Houston Oilers (based on player games). Mariota and Aaron Rodgers are tied for the most touchdown passes in the league since Week 5, with 13 apiece. 
Bears (2-6) at Buccaneers (3-5) (Monday's line: Bucs, -1.5 point) 
Current line: Chicago Bears (-2.5 points): You feel that? That's the Power of Jay Cutler singlehandedly moving the line. Actually, there were concerns that Jameis Winston and Mike Evans might not play, but both were full participants in Thursday's practice, and running back Doug Martin was a limited participant, which is also encouraging news. Still, of these two underachieving outfits, Vegas favors slightly favors Chicago. 
Miami Dolphins (4-4) at San Diego Chargers (4-5) (Monday's line: Chargers, -3.5 points) 
Current line: Chargers, (-4 points): If the Chargers had played more than three quarters of football for the first month of the season they might be leading the AFC West. Maybe that's a slight exaggeration -- but not by much. And their recent resurgence is reflected in the latest line. But the Dolphins, who, like the Chargers, were left for dead in early October, suddenly look like a very competent team. The offensive line has improved, Jay Ajayi is running all over people on a weekly basis and we're finally starting to see what Adam Gase can do with Ryan Tannehill , who has been a perfect game manager, and we mean that in the most complimentary sense. 
49ers (1-7) at Cardinals (3-4-1) (Monday's line: Arizona Cardinals , -13 points) 
Current line: Cardinals, (-13.5 points): Channeling Breech: If the Cardinals give the ball to David Johnson on every snap, they should be able to cover this huge spread, because the 49ers' run defense is horrible. The 49ers gave up 248 yards rushing to the Saints in Week 9, marking the third week in a row that the 49ers have given up more than 240 yards on the ground. That's not just bad, that's historically bad. Only one other team in the Super Bowl era has done that: The 1975-76 Chiefs. The 49ers have also given up a 100-yard rusher in seven straight games, an NFL record. The Cards won (and covered) when these two teams played in Week 5. The 49ers are 1-7 ATS this season, which is the worst mark in the NFL. 
Dallas Cowboys (7-1) at Pittsburgh Steelers (4-4) (Monday's line: Steelers, -2.5 points) 
Current line: Steelers, (-2.5 points): Given how poorly the Steelers have played in recent weeks -- three straight losses -- it's hard to fathom how the Cowboys are underdogs. Yes, Pittsburgh has played well at home, and yes, Ben Roethlisberger is usually lights-out the week after the week he returns from injury, but it's not like they're facing the 2015 Cowboys. Dak Prescott and Ezekiel Elliott have been fantastic and the Steelers' D ... well, has not. Of course, there's also this: The Cowboys haven't won in Pittsburgh since 1997, and they have only beaten one team that currently has a winning record (Redskins). 
Seahawks (5-2-1) at Patriots (7-1) (Opening line: New England Patriots , -7 points) 
Current line: Patriots, (-7.5 points): Hey, it's a rematch of Super Bowl XLIX! In fact, it's the first time these two teams have met since Pete Carroll thought it would be awesome to throw from the 1-yard line even though Marshawn Lynch was in the backfield. In 2016, the Patriots survived without Tom Brady during his Deflategate suspension and now they're the best team in the league. But the Seattle Seahawks could be poised to make a move. Their offense struggled over the first half of the season, but we feel like a lot of that was a function of Russell Wilson playing injured. He certainly looked healthy last week, and that could portend good things for Seattle going forward. 
Bengals (3-4-1) at Giants (5-3) (Opening line: New York Giants , -2.5 points) Monday, ESPN 
Current line: Cincinnati Bengals , (-1 points): Are bettors finally convinced that Primetime Andy Dalton is no longer struck by the enormity of playing on national television? We feel like Dalton has moved past that awkward stage -- in fact, he had stayed healthy late last season, we're convinced he would have finally won a playoff game. But the Bengals have also been wildly inconsistent this season, in part because they lack weapons on offense, in part because the defense hasn't been nearly as good. But wherever Dalton may be in his journey, here are two irrefutable facts: Cincy is 1-3 straight up and against the spread in road games this season. Oh, and the Bengals have never beaten the Giants on the road.
NUEVOTEXTO
From Vanilla Cake to the First Kiss: All the Details of Jinger Duggar and Jeremy Vuolo’s Wedding Day emilystrohmtimeinc Share When Jinger Duggar wed her former soccer player husband, Jeremy Vuolo , on Saturday, their “I do” was a “dream come true.” The Counting On star wore a hand-beaded lace gown with a 13-ft. train for her walk down the aisle on the arm of her father Jim Bob Duggar . “I told the girls I need the bridesmaids to enter behind me because I thought I would collapse when I saw him,” Jinger, 22, told PEOPLE of her ceremony at Cathedral of the Ozarks at John Brown University in Siloam Springs. But nothing compared to the moment the bride and groom were finally able to kiss for the first time. “I wasn’t nervous at all,” says Jinger of the PDA. “I couldn’t wait for it. It’s like he couldn’t say it soon enough.” The couple adheres to the Duggar rules of courtship, which means chaperoned dates and no kissing before marriage. Jeremy’s father Chuck officiated the ceremony while his brother Charles served as best man. All 19 Duggar kids were in attendance and Josh Duggar ‘s son Michael was the ring bearer. “It was a dream come true,” says Vuolo. “We’ve been counting down the hours until this day.” For more exclusive details from Jinger Duggar’s wedding to Jeremy Vuolo, pick up this week’s issue of PEOPLE, on newsstands now For their reception decor, the couple incorporated a pretty fall palette of burnt orange, eggplant and olive hues. “The idea was to bring the outdoors in,” says event planner Christina Moore. “Jinger really loves the fall landscape and colors.” After their nuptials, the newlyweds enjoyed a few moments alone before joining guests at their reception where pickled okra, cheese and crackers, and meatballs were served. They fed each other bites of a vanilla-flavored “naked cake” covered with grapes and berries, then hopped in a decorated vintage Jaguar for their grand exit. “They really balance each other out,” says mom Michelle Duggar . “Jeremy is a strong leader, and Jinger is such a gentle people person and a great follower.” Watch Jinger’s nuptials in a special episode, Counting On: Jinger’s Wedding , on Tuesday at 8 p.m. ET on TLC. 
NUEVOTEXTO
Jan. 1 (Sun.) Philadelphia 
Still, a Dallas clinch scenario is probably a ways off given the state of the NFC East. Last year, the Carolina Panthers clinched a playoff berth in early December (Week 13, Dec. 6) because they were 12-0. The next closest team in their division was the Atlanta Falcons at 6-6, giving the Panthers a hefty lead in the division. 
Dallas is rolling, but it is just two games up in the division on the Giants after Monday night. 
As of this writing, here's how the NFL playoff picture looks , as well as a snapshot of some games that could potentially impact what it looks like next week and beyond. CBSSports.com 
Here's a breakdown by conference: 
Who's in from the AFC No. 1 New England Patriots (7-2) No. 2 Kansas City Chiefs (7-2) No. 3 Houston Texans (6-3) No. 4 Baltimore Ravens (5-4) No. 5 Oakland Raiders (7-2) No. 6 Denver Broncos (7-3) 
Who's out in the AFC No. 7 Miami Dolphins (5-4) No. 8 Tennessee Titans (5-5) No. 9 Pittsburgh Steelers (4-5) No. 10 Indianapolis Colts (4-5) No. 11 Buffalo Bills (4-5) No. 12 San Diego Chargers (4-6) No. 13 Cincinnati Bengals (3-5-1) No. 14 New York Jets (3-7) No. 15 Jacksonville Jaguars (2-7) No. 16 Cleveland Browns (0-10) 
Who's in from the NFC No. 1 Dallas Cowboys (8-1) No. 2 Seattle Seahawks (6-2-1) No. 3 Atlanta Falcons (6-4) No. 4 Detroit Lions (5-4) No. 5 New York Giants (6-3) No. 6 Washington Redskins (5-3-1) 
Who's out in the NFC No. 7 Philadelphia Eagles (5-4) No. 8 Minnesota Vikings (5-4) No. 9 Arizona Cardinals (4-4-1) No. 10 Tampa Bay Buccaneers (4-5) No. 11 New Orleans Saints (4-5) No. 12 Green Bay Packers (4-5) No. 13 Los Angeles Rams (4-5) No. 14 Carolina Panthers (3-6) No. 15 Chicago Bears (2-7) No. 16 San Francisco 49ers (1-8) 
In terms of elimination from the playoffs this week, the Browns can't be eliminated. Rejoice! They can, however, be booted in Week 11 with a loss or a Ravens win.
NUEVOTEXTO
Another week of football is in the books, and perhaps for the first time this season we're starting to see the cream rise to the top. 
For much of the season there have been one or two teams in each conference at the top, followed by an enormous jumbled mess of teams hovering around .500. 
But in Week 10, we saw most of the top teams win, pushing a group of them closer to a comfortable seat in the playoff picture.
The AFC now features five teams that are at least three games over .500. 
The NFC is little more mixed up, but three of the four division leaders are at least two games ahead in the win column over their division rivals. 
Based on the latest results, here's an updated look at the NFL power rankings as we head in to Week 11:
NFL Power Rankings Rank Team W-L 1 Dallas Cowboys 8-1 2 Seattle Seahawks 6-2-1 3 New England Patriots 7-2 4 Kansas City Chiefs 7-2 5 Oakland Raiders 7-2 6 Denver Broncos 7-3 7 Atlanta Falcons 6-4 8 New York Giants 6-3 9 Philadelphia Eagles 5-4 10 Pittsburgh Steelers 4-5 11 Arizona Cardinals 4-4-1 12 Houston Texans 6-3 13 Washington Redskins 5-3-1 14 Minnesota Vikings 5-4 15 Baltimore Ravens 5-4 16 Green Bay Packers 4-5 17 Miami Dolphins 5-4 18 Detroit Lions 5-4 19 Tennessee Titans 5-5 20 Carolina Panthers 3-6 21 Cincinnati Bengals 3-5-1 22 New Orleans Saints 4-5 25 Buffalo Bills 4-5 24 San Diego Chargers 4-6 25 Tampa Bay Buccaneers 4-5 26 Indianapolis Colts 4-5 27 Los Angeles Rams 4-5 28 New York Jets 3-7 29 Jacksonville Jaguars 2-7 30 Chicago Bears 2-7 31 San Francisco 49ers 1-8 32 Cleveland Browns 0-10
NUEVOTEXTO
And while the Chargers chairman says he will not make up his mind about whether his team will leave San Diego until after the season,... 
Dean Spanos warned San Diegans in a statement after Measure C was defeated that they “may hear news about steps that we must take to preserve all of our options.” 
And while the Chargers chairman says he will not make up his mind about whether his team will leave San Diego until after the season,... (Kevin Acee) 
The Falcons (7-4) began the day leading the NFC South and moved a step closer to their first playoff berth since 2012. 
The Cardinals (4-6-1) have lost two straight and three of their past four, putting them in danger of missing the postseason a season after reaching the NFC championship game. 
Chargers 21, Texans 13 
Philip Rivers threw for 242 yards and three touchdowns to give San Diego the win over the mistake-prone Texans in Houston. 
Dontrelle Inman had 119 yards receiving and a touchdown to help San Diego (5-6) to the victory. 
The Texans (6-5) lost in Houston for the first time this season after winning their first five here. Playing a large part were four turnovers, including three interceptions by Brock Osweiler . 
The Chargers were up by four in the fourth quarter when Rivers evaded the rush and delivered a 25-yard pass to Inman. Kareem Jackson was flagged for unnecessary roughness for a helmet-to-helmet hit on the play, leaving San Diego at the 12-yard line. Rivers delivered a touchdown pass to rookie Hunter Henry on the next play to push the lead to 21-10. 
Osweiler's second interception came after that when he badly overthrew C.J. Fiedorowicz and Dwight Lowery made the easy grab. 
Houston added a field goal with 37 seconds left and recovered an onside kick. But Osweiler's first shot at the end zone was knocked down, and the second one was intercepted as time expired. 
Giants 27, Browns 13 
Eli Manning threw two touchdown passes to Odell Beckham Jr., Jason Pierre-Paul returned a fumble for a TD and New York extended its winning streak to six games the victory over the winless Browns in Cleveland. 
Manning had three TD passes as the Giants (8-3) won their sixth straight. They don't overwhelm anyone, but the Giants do just enough to win and are in position to make the playoffs for the first time since 2011. 
Manning threw a 32-yard TD pass to Beckham in the second quarter and added a four-yarder to the star wide receiver with 5:10 left to finally put away the Browns (0-12). 
Cleveland has lost 15 in a row since last season. It is 3-30 since ending the 2014 season with five consecutive losses. Browns quarterback Josh McCown , back in the lineup after rookie Cody Kessler sustained his second concussion last week, finished with 322 yards passing and threw a TD pass to rookie Corey Coleman. 
With the Giants leading 14-6, Pierre-Paul rumbled 43 yards for his third career TD. 
Ravens 19, Bengals 14 
Justin Tucker kicked four field goals and Baltimore shut down visiting Cincinnati’s depleted offense for a victory that thrust the Ravens into a first-place tie in the AFC North . 
Joe Flacco threw for 234 yards and a touchdown to help Baltimore (6-5) snap a five-game losing streak against the Bengals (3-7-1), whose playoff hopes took another serious blow. 
The victory was not assured until Cincinnati quarterback Andy Dalton fumbled when sacked by Elvis Dumervil, and defensive end Lawrence Guy recovered at the Baltimore 21 with 1:05 left and the Ravens up 19-12. 
Cincinnati got a safety on the final play when Baltimore punter Sam Koch ran out of the end zone. Dalton went 26 for 48 for 283 yards. He fumbled three times, losing two. 
Dolphins 31, 49ers 24 
Ndamukong Suh tackled Colin Kaepernick two yards short of the goal line as time ran out, and Miami handed visiting San Francisco a franchise-record 10th consecutive loss. 
Ryan Tannehill threw for 285 yards and three scores to compensate for a sputtering Miami ground game. 
With the 49ers trailing by seven, Kaepernick moved them from their 38 to the 6 in the final 1:44. But he threw incomplete on first down, and then was tackled from behind by the 305-pound Suh on the final play. 
The Dolphins (7-4) extended their winning streak to six games, their longest since 2005. Kaepernick passed for three TDs, but the 49ers (1-10) still haven't won since the season opener. 
Tannehill went 20 for 30, ran for 34 yards and had no turnovers. He threw scoring passes of 16 yards to Dion Sims, 43 yards to Kenny Stills and 15 yards to rookie Leonte Carroo. 
Kaepernick tried to keep up. Jeered loudly at the start of the game for his political views, Kaepernick went 29 for 46 for 296 yards and ran for 113 on 10 carries. 
Bills 28, Jaguars 21 
LeSean McCoy scored twice, including a career-best 75-yard run, and Buffalo won its second in a row with the victory at Orchard Park, N.Y. 
Tyrod Taylor's 16-yard touchdown pass to Justin Hunter with 10:46 remaining put the Bills ahead for good during a second half in which the teams traded the lead five times. Taylor also scored on a 7-yard run in helping to keep Buffalo in the playoff hunt. 
The Bills (6-5) won for the second straight week when trailing at halftime after doing so just once last season. Buffalo trailed the Jaguars 7-6 after two quarters on Sunday, and overcame a two-point deficit in a 16-12 win at Cincinnati last week. 
Taylor also produced just the second fourth-quarter comeback of his career, and improved to 2-11 when the Bills trail by four or more at any point in a game. 
The Jaguars (2-9) lost for the sixth straight game — their longest skid since opening the 2014 season at 0-6. 
Titans 27, Bears 21 
Marcus Mariota threw for 226 yards and two touchdowns and Tennessee hung on to beat the depleted Bears in Chicago. 
The Titans (6-6) gave their playoff hopes a boost, though they watched as Chicago (2-9) cut a 20-point lead to six in the fourth quarter. 
Matt Barkley , starting for the injured Jay Cutler, led the late surge. The Bears had a first down at the Tennessee 7 in the final minute when Josh Bellamy dropped a pass in the end zone on first down. Barkley's next three attempts fell incomplete, preserving the win for Tennessee. 
The Titans moved one game out of first place in the AFC South . 
Mariota, putting together one of the best seasons ever by a Titans quarterback, came through with another solid performance. The second-year pro completed 15 of 23 passes.
NUEVOTEXTO

NOTE: The ranking below reflects changes from Jeremiah's list at the quarter mark . RANK Ezekiel Elliott, RB, Dallas Cowboys 2 
Elliott has been the clear-cut top rookie during the first half of the season. He runs with patience, vision and power. He's also been excellent in the passing game, both receiving and blocking. RANK Joey Bosa, DE, San Diego Chargers NR 
Though he missed four games, I'd give Bosa my vote for best defensive rookie. He's been outstanding. He is a polished pass rusher and a pain to block in the run game. He's already racked up four sacks and produced at least two quarterback hits in every game he's played. RANK Dak Prescott, QB, Dallas Cowboys 1 
Prescott continues to play at a very high level. He protects the ball, plays with poise and has stepped up in crunch time. His ability to escape and extend plays is phenomenal, but I've been more impressed with his accuracy from the pocket. RANK Carson Wentz, QB, Philadelphia Eagles 3 
Wentz hasn't been quite as productive over the last few weeks as he was at the beginning of the season, but overall, he's done a nice job directing the Eagles ' offense. He's extremely accurate, and he's shown the ability to create when the play breaks down. RANK Jalen Ramsey, CB, Jacksonville Jaguars 1 
Ramsey doesn't stuff the stat sheet, but he's more than held his own against the opposing top wide receiver on a weekly basis. He's physical in press coverage, and he's also been an aggressive run defender. RANK Michael Thomas, WR, New Orleans Saints 4 
Thomas has been the top rookie receiver through the first half of the season. He uses his big frame to wall off defenders, and he has strong, reliable hands. He leads all rookies with 42 catches. RANK Tyreek Hill, WR, Kansas City Chiefs 13 
Hill is extremely explosive, and he's become a major factor in Andy Reid's offense. He's already hauled in four touchdown receptions, and he's also been productive in the return game. He reminds me of a faster Randall Cobb . RANK Yannick Ngakoue, DE, Jacksonville Jaguars 2 
Ngakoue has been a pleasant surprise for the Jaguars . He's already produced four sacks and numerous other quarterback pressures. He is outstanding with his hands, and his motor never stops. RANK 9 Cody Whitehair, C, Chicago Bears 
Whitehair has quickly emerged as one of the top centers in the NFC. He has stabilized the position for the Bears and continues to improve each and every week. RANK Jack Conklin, OT, Tennessee Titans 2 
Conklin has been a rock at right tackle for the Titans . He generates a lot of movement in the run game, and he's held up fine in pass protection. He looks like a future Pro Bowler. RANK Jatavis Brown, LB, San Diego Chargers 8 
Brown leads all rookies with 54 tackles, and he's also racked up three sacks. He is a very explosive tackler, and his lack of size hasn't really been an issue. He is the perfect modern-day linebacker. RANK Jordan Howard, RB, Chicago Bears 11 
Howard has really come on over the last few weeks. He looks every bit like a feature running back. His ability to make plays in the passing game has been a pleasant surprise. RANK Laremy Tunsil, OG, Miami Dolphins 9 
The Dolphins have been running the ball extremely well, and Tunsil deserves a lot of credit for their success. He is outstanding at the second level in the run game. He has adjusted very well to playing inside this fall after excelling at tackle while at Ole Miss. RANK Deion Jones, MLB, Atlanta Falcons 6 
Jones has been a very athletic playmaker for Atlanta. He has the speed to cover underneath, and his range against the run is extraordinary. RANK Keanu Neal, S, Atlanta Falcons 2 
Neal has added some much needed speed and athleticism to the Falcons ' defense. He's currently second among all rookies with 49 tackles. He has shown the ability to mirror tight ends down the field. RANK Hunter Henry, TE, San Diego Chargers 1 
Henry has played a significant role in the Chargers ' offense, and he's shown glimpses of Pro Bowl potential at the TE position. He's a smooth route runner, and he has a tremendous catch radius. RANK Karl Joseph, S, Oakland Raiders 1 
Joseph continues to improve and make his presence felt in the Raiders ' secondary. He's delivered several big hits and he's also broken up six passes. RANK Sterling Shepard, WR, New York Giants 11 
Shepard has been a consistent contributor in the Giants ' passing attack. He is a precise route runner, and he's very competitive at the catch point. He's currently second among all rookies with 31 receptions. RANK DeForest Buckner, DE, San Francisco 49ers 6 
Buckner has been a productive player in his first campaign, leading all rookie defensive linemen with 36 tackles and generating two sacks. There are times where he gets washed in the run game, but his overall play has been steady. RANK Joe Thuney, OG, New England Patriots 6 
Thuney has been one of the more consistent rookies this season. He plays under control and he's very assignment aware. He's started every game for the Patriots . RANK Leonard Floyd, LB, Chicago Bears NR 
After a quiet start to the season, Floyd has begun to become a disruptive force for the Bears . He's currently third among rookies with 3.5 sacks. RANK S'ua Cravens, LB, Washington Redskins 11 
Cravens is ultra-instinctive and continues to make plays on the ball for the Redskins . He is reliable in coverage, but he's actually been at his best when he's attacking the line of scrimmage. RANK Emmanuel Ogbah, OLB, Cleveland Browns NR 
Ogbah has outstanding tools, and he's getting more comfortable each and every week. He's collected three sacks, and he's using his length to keep blockers off his chest in the run game. He's still raw, but the light has come on, and it's fun to watch. RANK Chris Jones, DT, Kansas City Chiefs NR 
Jones has really flashed in the games I've studied this fall. He is very explosive, and he looks like he could become an outstanding interior pass rusher. RANK Blake Martinez, LB, Green Bay Packers 7 
Martinez isn't flashy, but he's very instinctive and he's always in the right spot. He's racked up 40 tackles and also broken up four passes. He's been a steady all-around player in the middle of the Packers ' defense. 
Dropped out: Will Fuller , WR, Houston Texans (previously No. 5); Vernon Hargreaves , CB, Tampa Bay Buccaneers (No. 21); Tajae Sharpe , WR, Tennessee Titans; Cory James , LB, Oakland Raiders (No. 25). 
Follow Daniel Jeremiah on Twitter @MoveTheSticks . 
NUEVOTEXTO
ROTOEXPERTS  19 PM 
For more great in-depth analysis and insights from the RotoExperts.com team, visit rotoexperts.com/dailynews for a special offer for your Fantasy playoff push! Daily News readers get an additional discount by entering promocode “DAILYNEWS” at checkout. 
Every NFL team has now played at least eight games, which means a little more than half the NFL season is over. What does this mean for fantasy owners? Well, NFL teams may now take a different strategic route. Certain teams that no longer have a legitimate chance to make the playoffs may start younger players to see if they have a future role with the club. Winning is no longer as important. We saw this with Cleveland in Week 9. Head coach Hue Jackson admitted to starting Cody Kessler over Josh McCown because he wants to see what future role Kessler can play with the team. There is little doubt that McCown would give the Browns a better chance to win. He’d also be more productive for fantasy owners. If you own Terrelle Pryor or Corey Coleman, you’re not happy about Jackson’s decision. Starting Kessler over McCown could be reason enough to bench one of the Browns’ wide receivers for another player on your bench. Sometimes fantasy and reality do indeed collide. Risers 
1. Rishard Matthews, Tennessee Titans: The emergence of Marcus Mariota has been a boon to the Titans’ wide receiver corps. Matthews is not going to make anyone forget Julio Jones or Antonio Brown, but five touchdowns in his last five games certainly raises his profile as a fantasy asset. Kendall Wright may get more passes thrown his way, but Matthews’ red zone targets may be more valuable. 
2. Tim Hightower, New Orleans Saints: We all knew that Hightower was in for a bigger role this past Sunday because Mark Ingram was benched during Week 8 after fumbling in back to back games. While it’s true that Ingram responded to that benching with a huge game (171 total yards and two touchdowns) Hightower also played well with 102 total yards and a score. Plus, Hightower had more touches than Ingram (24-17). Although I expect Ingram to remain the starter, Hightower should continue to receive enough touches to be a flex consideration every week. 
Best waiver wire pickups for Week 10 of fantasy football 
3. Michael Thomas, New Orleans Saints: Everyone seems to want to know whether Thomas is now a better fantasy wide receiver than Brandin Cooks. It doesn’t matter. They are both must-start receivers and that is what is most important. Thomas is averaging 86 yards and 6.5 receptions per game since the Saints’ Week 5 bye. Three of the next four games for the Saints are at home, and we all know what a powerhouse that offense is in the Superdome. They average 35.5 points per game at home and every Fantasy owner wants a share of those points. 
4. Dontrelle Inman, San Diego Chargers: Inman’s value is contingent on the health of Travis Benjamin, who is dealing with a PCL sprain. He received a second opinion last week that determined surgery wasn’t necessary, but he’s clearly not the same player. If Benjamin needs to be shut down, or if he loses the confidence of Philip Rivers, then Inman would be the next man up. 
5. Rob Kelley, Washington: Head coach Jay Gruden stated Monday that Matt Jones would have to prove he’s recovered from his knee injury, and prove that he deserves to start over Kelley. This indicates that Kelley will start this Sunday versus Minnesota and possibly put a stranglehold on the job with a good performance. New York Jets wide receiver Brandon Marshall (Gregory Shamus/Getty Images) Fallers 
1. Marvin Jones, Detroit Lions: Over the past five weeks, all the numbers for Jones are trending in the wrong direction. During the first four games of the season, he was averaging close to six receptions per game, 120.5 yards, and nine receptions. Over the past five games he’s averaging less than three receptions per game, 35.8 yards and seven targets. Throw in the fact that Golden Tate suddenly looks like a true number one wide receiver again, and you have a reason to be worried about Jones’ value. 
Follow the Daily News Sports on Facebook. "Like" us here. 
2. Brandon Marshall, Jets: Marshall has only had two 100-plus yard games, and it’s fair to wonder whether those are the last two he will have this season. Ryan Fitzpatrick is clearly in decline, and it may only be a matter of time until Bryce Petty takes over behind center. Once that happens, the questions will start about whether he will be able to get the ball to Marshall on a consistent basis. The Jets also don’t have a legitimate threat opposite Marshall, so he will continue to be the focus of the opposing team’s secondary. 
3. Jerrick McKinnon, Minnesota Vikings: He is always going to be a risky play in Fantasy because Matt Asiata is there to be the short-yardage and goal-line back. Add a poor offensive line to the mix and there is little or no upside for McKinnon. He’s a bye week filler just to get you through one week, but he’s not someone you want in your lineup long term. 
4. Julius Thomas, Jacksonville Jaguars: Say what you want about Blake Bortles, he gets plenty of garbage time points to make fantasy owners happy. Thomas, however, is not part of that total. He only has 21 receptions this season. He always seems to be questionable with one injury or another. The Jaguars may throw more than any other team during the second half of games, but Thomas rarely seems to be a beneficiary of that volume. 
5. Charcandrick West, Kansas City Chiefs: We all had West in our lineups last week. Spencer Ware was out with a concussion, and with a tasty matchup versus the Jaguars, it was assumed that West would be a high end RB2 at worst. Well, that didn’t materialize, which may lead to the Chiefs hoping to get Ware back in the lineup as soon as possible. It also may lead to fewer touches per game for West even as the backup to Ware. Tags:
NUEVOTEXTO
Every week I publish the DFS NFL Rankings late on Thursday night. The DFS NFL Playbook is posted late on Friday night each week as well. Then, the DFS NFL Optimal Lineups are posted late night Saturday night.
Earlier this season I received a few complaints about why the DFS NFL information was coming out so late. Well, I think that after all of the controversy this past week with other DFS companies posting their NFL articles on Wednesday then not updating them later in the week, it makes perfect sense. You see, most DFS analysts do not play the players that they recommend throughout the week.
Well, OK, maybe that isn’t fair. They do play them, but mixed throughout hundreds of their lineups and combined with many, many other players who they never mention.
I bring this up not to disparage any of our competitors, rather to illustrate why we do things the way that we do them at Fantasy Alarm. I post the DFS NFL rankings, playbook and lineups later in the week because I wait until I am done with all of the research that I need to do in order to provide my analysis. I also publish the lineups I play each week because I believe that subscribers are entitled to know exactly what me (and my staff in other sports) are up to.
There are no games, no tricks, no disclaimer notices for you to read at the bottom of the page. This is the way we do business, and in my opinion, what makes us different than many of our competitors.
This week, we have another six teams off, but at least we pick up one extra game for the Sunday main slates, with no London game this week.
The two games that will be invested in most heavily are the Saints-49ers and the Colts-Packers. Both of these games feature plenty of big-name players who can be pillars of a great lineup this week. But I prefer to find the value plays in these kind of games and pay up for obvious plays in games that will receive less attention.
Oakland Raiders wide receiver Johnny Holton Photo: AP A couple of those include the Broncos running game against the Raiders, the Dolphins big-play WRs against a weak Jets secondary and Kyle Rudolph against the Lions’ defense, which cannot stop tight ends.
FanDuel once again is messing with our minds this week. In what is being called a technical error, Raiders WR Johnny Holton has a salary of $0 this week. Meaning he is a free square that if used would allow us to build an all top-shelf lineup with the other eight positions. There are some people who swear using Holton and his zero salary is the way to go. I am not one of those people.
Holton would have to score a miracle touchdown or somehow find a way to get 5-8 points in order to make this worth it. Considering he has played in just 17 percent of the Raiders’ offensive snaps in any one game (Week 8), he doesn’t have a shot in hell to provide anything other than a free square this week.
Here is the DFS NFL Playbook for Week 9 QB Aaron Rodgers, Packers, vs. Colts 
FanDuel: $9,100
DraftKings: $7,800
FantasyAces: $7,800
Breakdown: The Packers evidently do not want to use a RB, thus Rodgers will be throwing the ball 50 times once again against a defense that may be without CB Vonta Davis. Since Tom Brady is off this week, we can just sub for him with “Rodgers in cash” and go on our merry way.
QB Andrew Luck, Colts, at Packers 
FD: $8,000
DK: $6,700
FA: $6,900
Breakdown: GO PRO 
QB Philip Rivers, Chargers, vs. Titans 
FD: $8,300
DK: $6,500
FA: $6,600
Breakdown: GO PRO 
QB Colin Kaepernick, 49ers, vs. Saints 
FD: $7,200
DK: $5,600
FA: $6,000
Breakdown: GO PRO 
QB Dak Prescott, Cowboys, at Browns 
FD: $7,600
DK: $6,100
FA: $6,450
Breakdown: GO PRO 
RB Charcandrick West, Chiefs, vs. Jaguars 
FD: $5,600
DK: $4,400
FA: $4,400
Breakdown: West is the chalk this week due to his price, matchup and the Chiefs’ commitment to RB usage. West scored in every game he started last year filling in for Jamaal Charles.
RB Ezekiel Elliott, Cowboys at Browns 
FD: $9,200
DK: $7,900
FA: $6,150
Breakdown: GO PRO 

RB DeMarco Murray, Titans at Chargers 
FD: $8,100
DK: $7,600
FA: $6,100
Breakdown: GO PRO 
RB Devontae Booker, Broncos at Raiders 
FD: $7,000
DK: $6,400
FA: $4,900
Breakdown: GO PRO 
RB Jerick McKinnon, Vikings vs. Lions 
FD: $6,200
DK: $4,000
FA: $4,600
Breakdown: GO PRO 
RB Matt Forte, Jets at Dolphins 
FD: $7,500
DK: $6,500
FA: $5,600
Breakdown: GO PRO 
RB Carlos Hyde, 49ers, vs. Saints 
FD: $7,000
DK: $6,100
FA: $4,900
Breakdown: GO PRO 
RB Mark Ingram, Saints at 49ers 
FD: $6,700
DK: $4,800
FA: $4,700
Breakdown: GO PRO 
WR Donte Moncrief, Colts at Packers 
FD: $6,100
DK: $5,800
FA: $4,650
Breakdown: Moncrief is Andrew Luck’s favorite target. He has caught a touchdown in seven of the last 10 games he has played with Luck.
WR Brandon Marshall, Jets at Dolphins 
FD: $7,500
DK: $7,300
FA: $4,900
Breakdown: GO PRO 
WR Kelvin Benjamin, Panthers, at Rams 
FD: $7,400
DK: $6,800
FA: $4,900
Breakdown: GO PRO 
WR Mike Wallace, Ravens, vs. Steelers 
FD: $6,600
DK: $5,600
FA: $4,350
Breakdown: GO PRO 
WR Ty Montgomery, Packers, vs. Colts 
FD: $6,500
DK: $5,800
FA: $4,700
Breakdown: GO PRO 
WR Stefon Diggs, Vikings, vs. Lions 
FD: $6,500
DK: $5,900
FA: $4,550
Breakdown: GO PRO 
WR Dez Bryant, Cowboys, at Browns 
FD: $7,800
DK: $7,400
FA: $5,450
Breakdown: GO PRO 
WR Michael Thomas, Saints, at 49ers 
FD: $5,800
DK: $5,500
FA: $4,600
Breakdown: GO PRO 
WR Terrelle Pryor, Browns, vs. Cowboys 
FD: $7,000
DK: $6,100
FA: $4,650
Breakdown: GO PRO 
WR Sammie Coates, Steelers, at Ravens 
FD: $5,500
DK: $4,300
FA: $4,300
Breakdown: GO PRO 
TE Kyle Rudolph, Vikings, vs. Lions 
FD: $5,000
DK: $4,000
FA: $4,550
Breakdown: I will have a ton of Rudolph in my lineups this week. I toyed with the idea of only using him in every lineup this week, and though I will use others, Rudolph will be in about 75 percent of my lineups.
TE Delanie Walker, Titans, at Chargers 
FD: $6,400
DK: $4,600
FA: $4,750
Breakdown: GO PRO 
TE Antonio Gates, Chargers, vs. Titans 
FD: $5,500
DK: $3,000
FA: $4,000
Breakdown: GO PRO 
TE Greg Olsen, Panthers, at Rams 
FD: $7,500
DK: $6,200
FA: $4,700
Breakdown: GO PRO 
D/ST Kansas City Chiefs, vs. Jaguars 
FD: $5,100
DK: $3,500
FA: $3,300
Breakdown: Probably the safest D/ST on the board this week. The Jaguars have been erratic on offense this year, and Tyreek Hill is always a threat to take one back in the kick return game.
D/ST Minnesota Vikings, vs. Lions 
FD: $5,300
DK: $4,000
FA: $3,300
Breakdown: GO PRO 
D/ST Los Angeles Rams, vs. Panthers 
FD: $4,500
DK: $2,400
FA: $2,900
Breakdown: GO PRO 
D/ST New York Giants, vs. Eagles 
FD: $4,300
DK: $3,200
FA: $2,750
Breakdown: GO PRO 
D/ST San Diego Chargers, vs. Titans 
FD: $4,500
DK: $3,000
FA: $2,500
Breakdown: GO PRO 
K Wil Lutz, Saints, at 49ers 
FD: $4,500
DK: N/A
FA: N/A
Breakdown: The Saints have the highest team expectancy this week. Lutz is minimum priced and thereby a perfect solution to almost any lineup you build this week.
K Robbie Gould, Giants, vs. Eagles 
FD: $4,500
DK: N/A
FA: N/A
Breakdown: GO PRO 
K Justin Tucker, Ravens, vs. Steelers 
FD: $4,900
DK: N/A
FA: N/A
Breakdown: GO PRO 
K Sebastian Janikowski, Raiders, vs. Broncos 
FD: $4,600
DK: N/A
FA: N/A
Breakdown: GO PRO 
K Blair Walsh, Vikings, vs. Lions 
FD: $4,600
DK: N/A
FA: N/A
Breakdown: GO PRO 
Jeff Mans is the head of content at FantasyAlarm.com and host of the “The Fantasy Alarm Show” on SiriusXM Fantasy Sports Radio. To get all you need to learn, play and win daily fantasy sports, get the DFS Playbook PRO from FantasyAlarm.com . 
Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under aaron rodgers ,  andrew luck ,  fantasy football
NUEVOTEXTO
Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed
x Share
USA TODAY Sports' Tom Pelissero recaps the biggest takeaways from Sunday's games.
Redskins quarterback Kirk Cousins (8) walks out of the locker room prior to the game against the Packers at FedEx Field. (Photo: Geoff Burke, USA TODAY Sports)
NFL ratings are on a winning streak, if two weeks of positive numbers can be called that.
CBS’ late-afternoon slot — which featured the Philadelphia Eagles vs. Seattle Seahawks — led the network’s best ratings of the season. NBC’s Sunday Night Football broadcast of the Washington Redskins-Green Bay Packers game earned the network its second consecutive prime time win with a rating that was a slight improvement over a season ago.
CBS announced on Monday its late-afternoon slot earned 15.4 overnight rating with 27 share, meaning 27% televisions in use in were tuned to the game. The Seahawks’ 26-15 victory over the Eagles was seen by 78% of the country with the remainder watching the San Francisco 49ers vs. the New England Patriots.
CBS had virtually the same rating (15.5) for the same Week 11 slot a year ago.
The Sunday Night Football broadcast drew an 11.9 overnight rating and a 19 share, according to NBC. The rating edged last year’s Week 11 SNF broadcast (Cincinnati Bengals vs. Arizona Cardinals), which drew an 11. 7.
CBS’ early games also showed a spike.
The four games it broadcast (Steelers-Browns, Ravens-Cowboys, Titans-Colts and Jaguars-Lions) combined for an 11.9 rating and 24 share, the best rating CBS has had for the time slot since Week 6 of the 2015 season.
NFL ratings had trended downward about 10% much of the season.
PHOTOS: Best of NFL Week 11
Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Best of NFL Week 11 Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed.
Washington Redskins running back Robert Kelley (32) celebrates after scoring a touchdown against the Green Bay Packers in the second quarter at FedEx Field. Geoff Burke, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen New England Patriots running back LeGarrette Blount (29) carries the ball against San Francisco 49ers defensive end Quinton Dial (92) and defensive end Glenn Dorsey (90) during the first quarter at Levi's Stadium. Kelley L Cox, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Miami Dolphins defensive end Cameron Wake (91) leaps as he pressures Los Angeles Rams quarterback Jared Goff (16) during the second quarter at Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. Robert Hanashiro, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Seattle Seahawks middle linebacker Bobby Wagner (54) tackles Philadelphia Eagles running back Wendell Smallwood (28) during the first quarter at CenturyLink Field. Joe Nicholson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen New England Patriots running back James White (28) celebrates after scoring a touchdown against the San Francisco 49ers during the first quarter at Levi's Stadium. Kyle Terada, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Los Angeles Rams middle linebacker Alec Ogletree (52) tackles Miami Dolphins running back Jay Ajayi (23) during the first half of a NFL football game at Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. Kirby Lee, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Seattle Seahawks tight end Jimmy Graham (88) stiff arms Philadelphia Eagles free safety Rodney McLeod (23) during the second quarter as he scores a touchdown at CenturyLink Field. Troy Wayrynen, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen San Francisco 49ers tight end Vance McDonald (89) celebrates after scoring a touchdown against the New England Patriots during the second quarter at Levi's Stadium. Kyle Terada, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Los Angeles Rams running back Todd Gurley (30) celebrates scoring a touchdown against the Miami Dolphins during a NFL football game at Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. Kirby Lee, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Washington Redskins safety Su'a Cravens (36) deflects a pass from Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers (12) intended for Packers wide receiver Jordy Nelson (87) in the second quarter at FedEx Field. Geoff Burke, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Seattle Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson (3) dives to the end zone for a touchdown against the Philadelphia Eagles during the third quarter at CenturyLink Field. Joe Nicholson, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Indianapolis Colts wide receiver T.Y. Hilton (13) scores a touchdown in the first half of the game against the Tennessee Titans at Lucas Oil Stadium. Trevor Ruszkowski, USA TODAY Spor Fullscreen Arizona Cardinals running back David Johnson (31) rushes against Minnesota Vikings defensive end Everson Griffen (97) in the second quarter at U.S. Bank Stadium. Bruce Kluckhohn, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Buffalo Bills cornerback Stephon Gilmore (24) hits Cincinnati Bengals tight end Tyler Eifert (85) as he makes a catch in the first half at Paul Brown Stadium. Aaron Doster, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Detroit Lions wide receiver Andre Roberts (12) runs for a touchdown during the second quarter against the Jacksonville Jaguars at Ford Field. Tim Fuller, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Nov 20, 2016; Detroit, MI, USA; Detroit Lions tight end Eric Ebron (85) celebrates his touchdown during the fourth quarter against the Jacksonville Jaguars at Ford Field. Tim Fuller, Tim Fuller-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Nov 20, 2016; Cleveland, OH, USA; Pittsburgh Steelers tight end David Johnson (82) is congratulated by guard Ramon Foster (73) and tight end Jesse James (81) for his two point conversion against the Cleveland Browns during the second quarter at FirstEnergy Stadium. Scott Galvin, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Tampa Bay Buccaneers quarterback Jameis Winston (3) throws a pass in the first half against the Kansas City Chiefs at Arrowhead Stadium. Gary Rohman, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Dallas Cowboys receiver Cole Beasely (11) celebrates his second-quarter touchdown against the Baltimore Ravens at AT&T Stadium. Matthew Emmons, Matthew Emmons-USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Nov 20, 2016; East Rutherford, NJ, USA; New York Giants wide receiver Odell Beckham Jr. (13) is tackled by Chicago Bears corner back Bryce Callahan (37) during the first quarter at MetLife Stadium. Brad Penner, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen New York Giants defensive end Olivier Vernon (54) hits Chicago Bears quarterback Jay Cutler (6) after a pass for a personal foul during the first quarter at MetLife Stadium. Brad Penner, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Jacksonville Jaguars tight end Marcedes Lewis (89) runs after a catch during the first quarter against the Detroit Lions at Ford Field. Raj Mehta, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Cleveland Browns quarterback Cody Kessler (6) throws a pass against the Pittsburgh Steelers during the first quarter at FirstEnergy Stadium. Ken Blaze, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Cleveland Browns outside linebacker Jamie Collins (51) attempts to tackle Pittsburgh Steelers running back Le'Veon Bell (26) during the first quarter at FirstEnergy Stadium. Ken Blaze, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Kansas City Chiefs defensive tackle Rakeem Nunez-Roches (99) celebrates a defensive play against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers at Arrowhead Stadium. Gary Rohman, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Buffalo Bills running back LeSean McCoy (25) carries the ball for a touchdown against the Cincinnati Bengals in the first half at Paul Brown Stadium. Aaron Doster, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Baltimore Ravens running back Terrance West (28) celebrates scoring a touchdown with wide receiver Mike Wallace (17) in the first quarter against the Dallas Cowboys at AT&T Stadium. Tim Heitman, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Minnesota Vikings wide receiver Adam Thielen (19) celebrates a first down during the first quarter against the Arizona Cardinals at U.S. Bank Stadium. Brace Hemmelgarn, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen New Orleans Saints wide receiver Brandin Cooks (10) with the ball as Carolina Panthers defensive back Leonard Johnson (23) and outside linebacker Thomas Davis (58) defend in the third quarter at Bank of America Stadium. Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen New Orleans Saints quarterback Drew Brees (9) looks to pass as Carolina Panthers defensive end Charles Johnson (95) pressures in the third quarter at Bank of America Stadium. Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Carolina Panthers wide receiver Ted Ginn (19) celebrates with wide receiver Devin Funchess (17) after scoring a touchdown in the second quarter at Bank of America Stadium. Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Carolina Panthers wide receiver Ted Ginn (19) catches a touchdown pass as New Orleans Saints outside linebacker Craig Robertson (52) defends in the second quarter at Bank of America Stadium. Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton (1) with the ball as New Orleans Saints outside linebacker Dannell Ellerbe (59) defends in the second quarter at Bank of America Stadium. Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Carolina Panthers strong safety Kurt Coleman (20) returns an interception as New Orleans Saints wide receiver Brandin Cooks (10) defends in the second quarter at Bank of America Stadium. Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Carolina Panthers wide receiver Devin Funchess (17) catches a pass as New Orleans Saints cornerback B.W. Webb (28) defends in the second quarter at Bank of America Stadium. Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen New Orleans Saints quarterback Drew Brees (9) passes the ball as Carolina Panthers defensive end Charles Johnson (95) defends in the first quarter at Bank of America Stadium. Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Carolina Panthers wide receiver Ted Ginn (19) with the ball as New Orleans Saints outside linebacker Craig Robertson (52) and cornerback B.W. Webb (28) defend in the first quarter at Bank of America Stadium. Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton (1) is sacked by New Orleans Saints inside linebacker Nate Stupar (54) in the first quarter at Bank of America Stadium. Jeremy Brevard, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 38 2 of 38 3 of 38 4 of 38 5 of 38 6 of 38 7 of 38 8 of 38 9 of 38 10 of 38 11 of 38 12 of 38 13 of 38 14 of 38 15 of 38 16 of 38 17 of 38 18 of 38 19 of 38 20 of 38 21 of 38 22 of 38 23 of 38 24 of 38 25 of 38 26 of 38 27 of 38 28 of 38 29 of 38 30 of 38 31 of 38 32 of 38 33 of 38 34 of 38 35 of 38 36 of 38 37 of 38 38 of 38 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show Captions Last Slide Next Slide
NUEVOTEXTO
Kentucky Strikes Down Request for “IM GOD” License Plates The Drive 5 hrs ago Will Sabel Courtney © Facebook / Freedom From Religion Foundation Kentucky Strikes Down Atheist’s Request for “IM GOD” License Plates Thou shalt not take the Lord’s name in vain...or stick it on a license plate. The state of Kentucky has rejected an atheist’s application for a vanity plate that reads “IM GOD,” leading the resident to sue the state on First Amendment grounds.
Research Make (e.g. Mazda) Acura Alfa Romeo AM General Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Dodge Eagle Ferrari Fiat Fisker Ford Genesis Geo GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion smart SRT Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Bennie Hart had the same license plate for a dozen years while living in Ohio, according to the Associated Press (and as the image above seems to prove). But when he applied for the same plate in March after moving to Kentucky, he was reportedly told by the local DMV branch manager that his request was denied under state rules that prevent residents from having obscene or vulgar language on their license plates.
A month later, Hart says state officials gave him a second reason: They claimed the “IM GOD” plates were in poor taste and could lead to confrontations with other people. (Which, let’s not lie, kind of seems like the point)
Hart, who says he wants the plates in order to prove his point that it’s impossible to disprove anyone’s claims about being God, isn’t letting the Kentucky DMV tell him what to do. Instead, he’s turning to a higher power: the federal court system. With the help of the American Civil Liberties Union, he’s slapped a lawsuit on the Kentucky secretary of transportation to try and have the state’s restrictive rules on licence plate language.
"Under the First Amendment, government officials do not have the authority to censor messages simply because they dislike them,” ACLU of Kentucky legal director William Sharp said, according to the AP . "And in this instance, personalised licence plates are a form of individual speech equally deserving of First Amendment protection."
In the suit, Hart says Kentucky’s claims that his religious beliefs are obscene or vulgar are “demeaning.”
The state of Kentucky, however, is hitting back with the biggest guns in the legal land. It claims that the Supreme Court’s 2015 ruling over a Texas license plate featuring the Confederate flag provides the necessary precedent, as the Supremes decided in that case that states have the right to discriminate based on content when it comes to what they say—and that license plates are state speech, not individual.
Follow MSN Autos on Facebook
Go to MSN Home
NUEVOTEXTO
Ratan Tata’s ‘ego’ led to costly Corus deal: Cyrus Mistry Ratan Tata’s ‘ego’ led to costly Corus deal: Cyrus Mistry "Ratan Tata's decision to acquire steelmaker Corus for more than $12 billion, when a year earlier it was available at half the price, went against the reservations of some board members and senior executives," added the statement. By: Express Web Desk | New Delhi | Updated: November 22, 2016 7:07 pm Ratan Tata (L) with Cyrus Mistry. Tata Sons on Monday removed Cyrus Mistry as its Chairman, nearly four years after he took over the reins of the group. 
Ousted Tata Sons chairman Cyrus Mistry on Tuesday leveled allegations at Ratan Tata blaming his ego for the Corus deal at a high price. He also said Tata’s contribution to the success of Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) and Jaguar Land Rover is an ‘illusion’. In a series of statements issued by Cyrus Mistry’s office today, it said, “Ratan Tata had pitched for selling TCS to IBM , a ‘near death experience’ for group’s crown jewel. Ratan Tata’s ‘ego’ led to Corus deal at a high price.” He also alleged that Tata’s decision to acquire Corus for more than $12 billion went against reservations of some senior executives. “Ratan Tata’s decision to acquire steelmaker Corus for more than $12 billion, when a year earlier it was available at half the price, went against the reservations of some board members and senior executives,” added the statement. 
Mistry also defended his involvement in growing the revenues and profits at two key group companies, Tata Consultancy Services and Tata Motors, that make up the bulk of Tata’s $100 billion revenues. “It is important to set the record straight since insinuations and leaks are being made explicitly to create an illusion that Mistry was a ‘hands off’ chairman and TCS/JLR were on ‘auto-pilot’ during his leadership,” Mistry’s office said in a five-page letter today. 
In a surprise move, Mistry was sacked as the chairman of Tata Sons on October 24 this year, nearly four years after he took over the reins of the over USD 100 billion salt-to-software conglomerate. The decision was taken at a high-level board meeting held in Mumbai. Ratan Tata is currently serving as the interim Chairman for four months during which a search committee has been tasked to find a replacement for Mistry. 
In the meantime, Industrialist Nusli Wadia, who is an independent director on some Tata Group companies, served a defamation notice to Tata Sons board asking it to withdraw “false, defamatory and libelous” allegations against him. Responding to the notice, Tata Sons said “the company will respond to the notice appropriately”. Wadia is an independent director on some Tata Group companies which have called EGMs to remove him from their boards for allegedly siding with ousted chairman Cyrus Mistry. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Best of Express 
NUEVOTEXTO
Button says Abu Dhabi will be his last race Reuters 5 hrs ago By Alan Baldwin © REUTERS/Toru Hanai Formula One - Japanese Grand Prix - Suzuka Circuit, Japan Jenson Button says he has no plans to race again in Formula One after Sunday's season-ending Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, even though McLaren are keeping the door open for a possible return in 2018.
Research Make (e.g. Mazda) Acura Alfa Romeo AM General Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Dodge Eagle Ferrari Fiat Fisker Ford Genesis Geo GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion smart SRT Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo "I go into this weekend thinking it is going to be my last race. I think that is the best way to be," the 2009 world champion told reporters on Thursday.
"At this moment in time I do not want to be racing in Formula One past this race. I think of this as my last race and hopefully everybody else does as well."
The 36-year-old Briton will be replaced at McLaren by Belgian rookie Stoffel Vandoorne next season but the team have presented the veteran's departure as a year's sabbatical.
That was seen by many as more of an insurance policy in case Spaniard Fernando Alonso decided to walk away at the end of 2017, as well as strengthening McLaren's hand in contract negotiations.
Asked what had changed since September, when the announcement was made, Button said there was nothing in particular.
"I don’t want to go into this race and think it’s not my last. And it is my last," he said. "It is true that I have a contract for 2018 but at this moment in time I don’t want to be racing in 2018.
"The whole idea about having a contract was that in three months’ time, when I’ve eaten myself stupid and am thinking of things to do in the future and maybe feel I need Formula One back in my life...
"But at this moment in time that isn’t the case. So this is my last race and that’s the way I think about it at the moment. But who knows? That could change in six months, eight months, one year."
Button is the most experienced Formula One driver on the grid, and Sunday's race will be the 305th start of a career that started with Williams in 2000. He won the title with Brawn, the team that emerged from the embers of Honda and became Mercedes.
Formula One has been his life's focus since he started out in karting.
"It has been a long journey," he said. "You get to Formula One with many dreams and you aspire to be something. You hope to leave the sport with memories and that is something I definitely do have.
"I raced with two of the teams I dreamt of racing for as a kid, Williams and McLaren, and when I did win the championship it was with a privateer team which I think is also pretty special."
(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Pritha Sarkar)
Go to MSN Home
NUEVOTEXTO
[caption id="attachment_1441" align="" width="892"] Volvo S90 L, by Tycho de Feijter[/caption]The Volvo S90 L has been unveiled at the Guangzhou Auto Show in China. The S90 L is the long-wheelbase variant of the Volvo S90 sedan. The S90 L is manufactured in the city of Daqing in northeastern China. It will launch on the Chinese car market this month. Export to the United States and Europe will start in the second half of 2017.Wheelbase of the S90 L has been extended with 12 centimeters compared to the standard S90. All the extra space goes to the passengers in the rear. In China the S90 L competes with other locally made long-wheelbase cars such as the Audi A6L, the BMW 5Li, the Jaguar XFL, and the Mercedes-Benz E-Class L.But Volvo has something that none of the others has: a three-seater.The S90 L comes in two kinds: a base version with a rear bench, and an ultra luxurious and slightly crazy Excellence version, which is the car we are looking at here. The Excellence has only three seats; one for the driver and two individual seats in the rear.[caption id="attachment_1442" align="" width="982"] Volvo S90 L, by Tycho de Feijter[/caption]The front-passenger seat has been removed and replaced with a contraption that Volvo calls a “lounge console”. The console includes a feet rest, a shoe box (!), and a large tablet computer built into a shiny frame.The arm rest is fitted with a folding tray table with a keyboard, the air conditioning controls, and two crystal glasses that can be heated to cooled. In between the seats sits a small refrigerator to keep the beers ice cold. The entire cabin is clad in the finest leather and woods.The presumably very tired and overworked VIP can take his shoes off, stretch his legs, play games on the computer, and have a cold beer in a heated crystal glass. Or he can get back to work. The computer has an office suite installed and there is a permanent internet connection on-board.[caption id="attachment_1443" align="" width="840"] Volvo S90 L, by Tycho de Feijter[/caption]The passenger on the left seat is not as lucky. He doesn’t have a screen to look at or a table to put his hands on. He does however have a small foot rest located on the floor half-hidden under the driver’s seat.And then there is no more space. The S90 L Excellence can take only three people. The lounge console is a permanent fixture; you can’t take it out and switch in for a seat. The secretary will have to take a taxi. Practical it is not, but special it is.Rumors say the Excellence was developed on specific request by Li Shufu, chairman of China's Geely, the owner of the Volvo brand. He wants Volvo to go more luxury and more upmarket, and the Excellence is said to be a first step into that direction. Li is in any way not afraid of trying new seat-arrangements, in 2010 he commissioned a concept car with a single seat in the back.[caption id="attachment_1444" align="" width="961"] Volvo S90 L, by Tycho de Feijter[/caption]The base version of the S90 L will hit the Chinese car market on December 15. Price will range from 389,900 yuan to 579,800 yuan ($56,600 – 84,000). They will be available with a 2.0 turbo with either 211 (T4) or 282hp (T5). The S90 L Excellence will launch early next year for about 650,000 yuan ($94,000). It will only be available in T8 form with the 400hp T 8 plug-in hybrid drive train.
NUEVOTEXTO
Hamilton on top in first Abu Dhabi practice Reuters 2 hrs ago Alan Baldwin © REUTERS/Hamad I Mohammed
Lewis Hamilton has had a strong start to the final F1 race of the season.
Lewis Hamilton landed an early psychological blow ahead of Formula One's title showdown on Friday by beating Mercedes team mate Nico Rosberg in first practice for the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
The Briton, 12 points behind the championship favorite going into the final race, lapped the Yas Marina circuit with a quickest time of one minute 42.869 seconds. He also had a spin that ended without consequence.
Research Make (e.g. Mazda) Acura Alfa Romeo AM General Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Dodge Eagle Ferrari Fiat Fisker Ford Genesis Geo GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion smart SRT Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Rosberg, who need only finish in the top three under the floodlights on Sunday to be sure of his first championship after being beaten in the last two years by Hamilton, was 0.374 slower and second on the timesheets.
The Red Bulls of Dutch teenager Max Verstappen and Australian Daniel Ricciardo, who could play a major role in deciding the title outcome by getting between the Mercedes drivers, were close behind in third and fourth.
Triple world champion Hamilton, who has to finish in the top three to even have a chance of becoming Britain's first four-times champion, and Rosberg have each won nine races this season.
A collision between the two in the day-to-night race, as happened in Spain in May, would instantly hand the championship to Rosberg although both have played down the chances of that scenario happening.
"It's going to be a weekend like any other where I'm going to go for the race win and do what it takes to get that," Rosberg told reporters on Thursday.
He added that his driving would be "within the limits of what's acceptable, of course."
Although the underdog, Hamilton has won the last three races and can count on strong support judging from the banners around the circuit.
"Lewis can Merc it happen," said one punning effort.
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel, who won the first of his four championships with Red Bull against the odds in Abu Dhabi in 2010, was fifth fastest and Mexican Sergio Perez was sixth for Force India.
Brazilian Felipe Massa, in his 250th and last race, was ninth fastest for Williams while Britain's 2009 world champion Jenson Button was 20th for McLaren after being asked to return to the pits slowly during the session.
Button did only 10 laps, compared to Hamilton's 28, with mechanics still working on the car through the closing minutes.
Go to MSN Home
NUEVOTEXTO
Bubble Teams Poised for Playoff Run 
League-leading tackler Zach Brown boasts the most impressive game by an inside linebacker this season (his 17-tackle performance against Jacoby Brissett 's Patriots in Week 4 ), but Wagner and Kuechly are future Hall of Famers in the prime of their careers. Wagner has been the most consistent defensive star in Seattle, recapturing the 2014 form that resulted in an infamous MVP vote . 
Prior to Week 8's blowout victory over Arizona, Carolina's once-stifling defense couldn't rush the passer or cover top receivers. The lone bright spot was Kuechly, the most instinctual linebacker of his era. 
Cornerback: Aqib Talib , Denver Broncos and Marcus Peters , Kansas City Chiefs 
As Rosenthal pointed out in his eye-opening weekly " Debrief " column, it's remarkable that Talib is enjoying the finest season of a Hall-of-Very-Good career after missing most of training camp. Opposing quarterbacks have managed a passer rating south of 40.0 when targeting Talib this season. As the Falcons showed in Week 5 , it's best to avoid Denver's secondary altogether and try your chances with the linebackers in coverage. 
The first half of Peters' rookie season left many with the misguided notion that he's a gambler, vulnerable to big plays. That's simply not the case. Since this time last season, though, Peters has been not just a premier playmaker but also a shutdown corner , ranking in the top five in lowest completion percentage and passer rating on throws in his coverage. Peters has a commanding lead in interceptions (13) since entering the league, three more than the next-closest player in that span, according to NFL Media Research. Peters also has nearly as many passes defensed this season (11) as the entire Jacksonville Jaguars team (15). 
Safety: Tony Jefferson , Arizona Cardinals and Eric Weddle , Baltimore Ravens 
Last year, it was Tyrann Mathieu jumping off the film whenever Arizona was cued up on NFL Game Pass . This year, it's Jefferson turning in big plays near the line of scrimmage and in the defensive backfield on a weekly basis. The Cardinals will have some decisions to make next offseason, with Jefferson, Jones, Campbell and receiver Michael Floyd set to reach free agency. 
The Chargers didn't want to overpay Weddle for his decline phase. The Ravens , on the other hand, were happy to roll the dice on the potential of a fourth Pro Bowl season for the 31-year-old. Chalk one up for Baltimore's front office, watching Weddle put the clamps on opposing tight ends like no other safety in the league. Don't let the Ravens ' moribund offense obscure the fact that the defense has exceeded expectations this season. 
Punter: Marquette King , Oakland Raiders 
King's booming right leg earned him AFC Special Teams Player of the Week honors for averaging 54.6 yards per kick at Jacksonville in Week 7 , but his left leg garnered just as much attention on a lightning-fast 27-yard scamper to convert a first down after a bad snap. Per Next Gen Stats, King reached 21.35 mph, the second-fastest speed of any Raiders player that week. 
For all of that pizazz, it wasn't even King's most impressive performance of the season. Back in Week 4 , he averaged 51.8 yards on eight punts, four of which were pinned inside the 20-yard line during the Raiders ' 28-27 nail-biter of a win over the Ravens . 
NUEVOTEXTO
Best waiver wire pickups for Week 13 of fantasy football Best waiver wire pickups for Week 13 of fantasy football ROTOEXPERTS  29 PM 
Kudos to you if you made it this far and to the point where the waiver wire still means something. Here's hoping that all of you are still in the playoff race and that none of you need too much help from this week's waivers. If you are in the hunt, before you start picking up speculative values, please make sure you built your bench for the playoffs. Forget the WR5s of the world. At this point, you need to own all of your running back handcuffs with clear paths to high workloads if the main option gets hurt. Also, look ahead and make sure your quarterback, tight end and even DST don't have a tough matchup in Weeks 14-16. If they do, stash a fill-in on your bench. The last thing you want to do is scramble for solutions in the middle of the playoffs. 
As a reminder, these waiver wire players aim for the 50% or less ownership on average across the major sites and have Yahoo! ownership listed. They're also good for DFS too, as they will often have a lower cost and present values. Quarterbacks Colin Kaepernick (Ross D. Franklin/AP) 
Colin Kaepernick, SF (24%) — You can't see it, but I'm throwing my hands up in the air in exasperation. Just 24% owned? What more does Kaepernick have to do at this point? Honestly, there is nothing left, as Kaepernick was already a 15-point floor/25-point ceiling quarterback, but then he one-upped himself and put up 34.1 points in Week 12. Kaepernick actually has the 17th most rushing yards since taking over at quarterback, or more than Todd Gurley, Frank Gore, Devonta Freeman, Latavius Murray and more. 
Ryan Fitzpatrick, NYJ (16%) — Fitzpatrick has plenty of picks this year, but he still has 14-plus points in five games. That's not overly exciting, but with 16.9 against the Patriots, Fitz showed he can still produce, and the Jets host the Colts this week. Only the Falcons allow more FPPG to quarterbacks, and the Colts only have three interceptions all year. 
Matt Barkley, CHI (1%) — It's tough to trust Barkley, even after last week, but that game did show the potential he has when asked to pass a good amount. The 49ers have allowed the fourth-most FPPG to quarterbacks with the second-most passing touchdowns given up this year. Barkley would be one of my last-ditch choices if I'm a Marcus Mariota (bye week) owner, but he might also be the best option on the waiver wire if Kaepernick and others are owned. Running Backs 
Should Have Picked Them Up: Dion Lewis, NE; Tim Hightower, NO; T.J. Yeldon, JAX Kenneth Dixon (Nick Wass/AP) 
Kenneth Dixon, BAL (29%) — If Dixon is at the top, you know it's going to be a rough running back week. It appears the shift is happening, as Dixon finally out-snapped Terrence West. They had similar numbers in the boxscore, but Dixon looks more explosive, and the fact remains that Dixon has a higher ceiling than West does. If he continues to flash his potential, the workload will continue to grow and have Dixon knocking on the RB2 door in short time. 
Wendell Smallwood, PHI (49%) — Honestly, I'd rather chase a handcuff or returning player. Smallwood led the Eagles in rushing, but he only saw nine carries (half the team's total) Monday night for 37 yards. As with Ryan Mathews before, there is simply no consistency or guaranteed usage in Doug Pederson's offense. Add in the fact that Mathews could return before the end of the season, and it's not an overly exciting situation. 
Matt Asiata, MIN (48%) — If I don't need a running back to start over the next two weeks, I prefer Adrian Peterson at 43% owned. Granted, Peterson didn't look great before his injury, and the Vikings’ offensive line is awful, but he's still Adrian Peterson. As for Asiata, he clearly is the red zone running back of choice and seems to have a 50/50 shot of scoring each week. 
Charles Sims, TB (10%) — The Buccaneers already declared Sims as their player to return from the I.R., and he is eligible for Week 14. Sims was RB22 in standard and RB16 in PPR last year. There are two factors working in Sims’ favor for late-season value, as the Buccaneers likely want to ease up Doug Martin's workload and their schedule is quite good with the Saints in Weeks 14 and 16. 
Ameer Abdullah, DET (11%) — Abdullah could return in time for the Fantasy playoffs, and the Lions have a need for a more traditional runner. Dwayne Washington has struggled in his opportunities, and Theo Riddick just isn't built for the tough carries… or 20-plus touches per game. Abdullah was looking good before his injury, averaging 5.6 yards per carry and nabbing five catches for 57 yards and a score in two games. 
Rex Burkhead, CIN (4%) — Jeremy Hill missed some time against the Ravens, and Burkhead saw all of the backup work. It was limited use, but he did average 5.8 yards on his five carries and added two catches for 19 yards against a tough Ravens run defense. If Hill misses time or is less than 100%, Burkhead would have deeper value. 
Handcuffs that need to be owned: Alfred Morris, Derrick Henry, Jeremy Langford, Andre Ellington, Paul Perkins, DuJuan Harris, Damien Williams, Cameron Artis-Payne, Kapri Bibbs Wide Receiver 
Should Have Picked Them Up: Sammy Watkins, BUF; Kenny Britt, LA; Travis Benjamin, SD; Corey Coleman, CLE; Tyler Boyd, CIN Marqise Lee (Jose Juarez/AP) 
Marqise Lee, JAX (10%) — Lee isn't new to this piece, but people need to come around on him. Yes, the Jaguars schedule is as bad as it gets for the playoff run, but Lee has four catches in each of the last four games with touchdowns in the last two and 52.8 Fantasy points in that stretch. Allen Hurns injured his hamstring Sunday, and with Lee already surpassing Hurns in production and now getting the No. 2 receiver snaps, he's a must-own. 
Tyreek Hill, KC (37%) — It's hard to project or trust Hill's value once Jeremy Maclin returns, but for as long as Maclin is out, Hill is going to carry a high ceiling with a flex/WR4 level floor. His value is even higher in PPR formats, but the Chiefs offense rarely provides value for more than one receiver. In addition, Hill has been exceptionally productive on a per-touch basis, which already points to regression, even without Maclin's return. 
Marquess Wilson, CHI (1%) — Barkley targeted Wilson more than any other Bears receiver by two, and he clearly has Barkley's eye and trust. As mentioned in the quarterback section, this week's matchup is a great one, but Wilson could have value the rest of the way as the Bears' top option. Cameron Meredith saw nine targets but only caught two due to drops and not being on the same page as Barkley at times. After Week 12, it appears Wilson is the receiver to own in Chicago. 
Dorial Green-Beckham (5%) — This is assuming Jordan Matthews misses time due to his ankle injury. If Matthews were ready for Week 13, DGB would drop below Adam Thielen. On the chance that Matthews is out, DGB would become a WR3 with potential for more. He is still raw in some areas and needs work, but as the Eagles' top receiver, the upside would be there. Green-Beckham led the team in targets, receptions and yards against the Packers… but just know that not every matchup is going to be this friendly. 
Malcolm Mitchell, NE (3%) — Mitchell has terrific stop-and-go ability and I likened it to that of a running back in my draft breakdown. That ability has translated in him getting himself open for Tom Brady to find him for three touchdowns the last two weeks, beating the aged Darrelle Revis for two of them. If Rob Gronkowski is on the field, it's a bit tough to trust Mitchell when he's the fourth option on the Patriots… at best. Nevertheless, Mitchell still has a high ceiling with how much the Patriots pass and is worth a start over many WR4/5 receivers with low upsides. 
Taylor Gabriel, ATL (6%) — As with Hill, you can't count on Gabriel continuing this level of production given his limited touches, and with Gabriel, it's even a bit worse given his lower snap count. Julio Jones isn't going to be shut down every week, and when he's getting his and Devonta Freeman and Tevin Coleman are seeing their typical work, there just isn't enough left over to make Gabriel reliable. However, few players are doing more with less, so Gabriel is still a good boom/bust play for those needing pure upside. 
Adam Thielen, MIN (20%) — Thielen led the Vikings in targets with 11 last week, finishing with 53 yards after putting up 65 and a touchdown the prior week. Stefon Diggs is still questionable to return with a Thursday night game this week, and as long as he's the top receiver for the team, Thielen will have WR3 value. 
Will Fuller, HOU (44%) — Speaking of pure upside, Fuller has plenty with his big-play ability now that he's close to 100% again. It's been quite a while since we've seen a big game from Fuller, but the Texans face the Packers this week. In case you haven't been paying attention, the Packers defense is giving up yards and points by the truckload. 
Brandon LaFell, CIN (18%) — Both Tyler Boyd and LaFell had nine targets in Week 12, but Boyd was the more productive receiver of the two. On the positive side, LaFell did have two red zone targets, the same amount as Tyler Eifert, so the scoring potential is there. In PPR, there is no question that Boyd is the better option and LaFell is fringe-roster worthy. However, with the red zone targets coming (and needed with no A.J. Green) LaFell has some deep-league standard value. 
J.J. Nelson, ARI (19%) — I guess we're doing this again? There is a reason Nelson is last on this week's list. He flashed for two games earlier this year but failed to do much in his opportunity as the team's No. 2 option when given the chance. Nevertheless, John Brown injured his hamstring, and Michael Floyd is still less than 100% and likely to see plenty of Josh Norman this week. Nelson is a Hail Mary of a play, but there is a chance he could surprise. Tight Ends 
Cameron Brate, TB (57%) — We're getting to the point where tight ends won't make the column each week with nearly every quality option owned. I'm including Brate even though he's slightly over 50 percent due to his red zone potential and schedule. Brate leads the Buccaneers in red zone receptions and touchdowns and is tied with Mike Evans for red zone targets. As mentioned with Sims, Brate also sees the Saints in Weeks 14 and 16. 
C.J. Fiedorowicz, HOU (35%) — Fiedorowicz has at least 8.2 or more points in all but one of his last eight games in PPR formats with five double-digit performances. You can forgive Fiedorowicz for three of his four lower-scoring games, as they were against the Vikings, Broncos and Jaguars on the road… and yes, the Jaguars are actually pretty strong against tight ends with the ninth-fewest points allowed. The Texans face the Colts, Jaguars and Bengals to finish out the Fantasy season, which is two top-end matchups in Weeks 14 and 16, similar to Brate. 
Vernon Davis, WSH (9%) — This is really as simple as if Jordan Reed misses time due to his shoulder injury. Davis has 129 yards and a touchdown in Weeks 6-7 with Reed out, and then managed 66 yards and a touchdown against the Vikings when DeSean Jackson was sidelined. Davis has the ability to step up when others are out, and while the Cardinals are the toughest defense for tight ends, the position is lacking for reliability, and Davis has been just that when called upon. 
For more great in-depth analysis and insights from the RotoExperts.com team, visit rotoexperts.com/dailynews for a special offer for your Fantasy playoff push! Daily News readers get an additional discount by entering promocode “DAILYNEWS” at checkout. Join the Conversation:
NUEVOTEXTO
Hamilton wins plaudits as Mercedes ponder punishment Reuters 9 hrs ago By Alan Baldwin © REUTERS/Hamad I Mohammed Formula One - F1 - Abu Dhabi Grand Prix - Yas Marina Circuit, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates For all the headlines screaming 'anarchy', Lewis Hamilton's public act of defiance against Mercedes in Formula One's title-deciding Abu Dhabi Grand Prix could ultimately make racing even more exciting in 2017.
While Mercedes boss Toto Wolff refused to rule out punishment after Hamilton did everything he could to scupper team mate Nico Rosberg's championship chances in Sunday's showdown, he recognized he was in two minds about what to do.
Research Make (e.g. Mazda) Acura Alfa Romeo AM General Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Dodge Eagle Ferrari Fiat Fisker Ford Genesis Geo GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion smart SRT Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo The Austrian said he would sleep on the controversy but he also wondered whether there might be a case for giving the drivers more freedom to race rather than seeking to control them.
That, after a 21-round season in which Mercedes were more dominant than ever with 19 wins and 20 poles and won both titles for the third year in a row, could prove a more popular outcome.
While some condemned Hamilton's strategy in slowing the race, in a failed bid to help others catch and pass Rosberg who needed to finish on the podium to become champion, others applauded him for transforming what could have been a processional one-two into a tense spectacle.
"Well done to @LewisHamilton for a relentless pursuit of the title, keeping us on the edge of our flaming pants right up to the last lap," declared 1996 world champion Damon Hill on Twitter.
Red Bull team principal Christian Horner, who rarely misses a chance to undermine Wolff, said he would have expected nothing less and accused Mercedes of being 'naive' in asking Hamilton to speed up, instructions the driver ignored.
BOTH SIDES
"I think Lewis was trying to back us up and I probably would have done the same," agreed Horner's Dutch driver Max Verstappen. "You have to try these things to win a championship."
Rosberg, championship secured, could also see both sides of the argument.
"It’s really easy to understand the team’s side. But at the same time of course you can understand Lewis because this is the world championship," he said.
From outside Formula One, former England soccer striker Gary Lineker added his support: "Don't get @LewisHamilton criticism. Why wouldn't he give himself the best chance to succeed?", he asked on Twitter.
"Attempting to win is the very essence of sport. All leading sports persons ignore advice from the sidelines on occasions. To be the best you have to think you know best."
From Hamilton's perspective he had merely done what he had to do.
"I don’t feel I did anything unfair. We’re fighting for a championship, I was in the lead, I control the pace. That’s the rules," said the winner of 10 races this season.
(Editing by Tony Jimenez)
Go to MSN Home
NUEVOTEXTO
• 2 min read 
Here are 10 things from NFL Week 9 that intrigue me: 
1. Derek Carr vs. Denver Broncos secondary: Carr is coming off a 512-yard, four-touchdown performance, but he hasn't faced a secondary nearly as good as what he will see against Denver. They are ball hawks. 
2. Oakland Raiders offensive line vs. Broncos pass rush: The Denver pass rush starts with Von Miller , who is the best in the league. He also has a lot of help from DeMarcus Ware and others. But the Oakland offensive line is big and talented and should make for a nice battle. 
3. Indianapolis Colts quarterback Andrew Luck vs. Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers : This should be a fun shootout at Lambeau when these two get together Sunday. The Colts have big-time defensive issues that could force this into a wide-open game. That would be fun. 
4. Philadelphia Eagles defense vs. New York Giants receiver Odell Beckham Jr.: The Eagles talked this week of getting into Beckham's head. If he allows that to happen, it can change his focus. That's not smart. But it will be interesting to see whether the Eagles can make it work and take him out of his game. 
5. Will Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger play against the Baltimore Ravens , and if so how effective will he be coming off a knee injury? Roethlisberger practiced some this week and could play. But it's only been three weeks since he suffered a meniscus injury in his knee Oct. 16 against the Miami Dolphins . It won't be ideal if he does play, but he's a better option than Landry Jones . Ben Roethlisberger took some hits against the Dolphins in mid-October. USATSI 
6. How will the firing of offensive coordinator Greg Olsen impact the play of Jacksonville Jaguars quarterback Blake Bortles ? Was Olsen a sacrificial move by coach Gus Bradley? Probably, but the entire offense has regressed, led by Bortles. Maybe Nathaniel Hackett, who was elevated from quarterback coach, can get Bortles playing more like he did in 2015. Does it really matter now for Bradley's fate? 
7. Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott against the Cleveland Browns : Prescott had his first struggle last week against the Eagles, but rallied in the fourth quarter. With Tony Romo closer to being healthy, how will Prescott respond here? He looked tight early last week. 
8. Dolphins running game against New York Jets run defense: Miami running back Jay Ajayi has consecutive games of 200 yards or more the past two times out. But the Jets are first in rushing yards per game allowed. Something has to give. 
9. Los Angeles Rams defensive coordinator Gregg Williams against Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton : It's interesting that Newton complained about taking too many hits that aren't flagged the week he faces Williams' defense. Williams was a central figure in the Bountygate scandal in New Orleans and his teams have always played a tough, physical style. Will Newton's complaining help his cause? Will there be more flags flying? 
10. The Minnesota Vikings offense without coordinator Norv Turner: There is no denying the Vikings are struggling on offense. So when Turner decided to walk away from his job Wednesday, it was met with surprise but also some ho-hum talk. Change might be good. Then again, what's new coordinator Pat Shurmur supposed to do with an offense that plays behind that offensive line?
NUEVOTEXTO
Ratan Tata, who abruptly seized back control of India’s largest conglomerate last month, began removing disgruntled successor Cyrus Mistry from group units as he tightens his grip over the family’s $100 billion business empire.
Tata Group’s holding company has called for Mistry to be dismissed as chairman of Tata Consultancy Services Ltd. and replaced with Ishaat Hussain, who will fill in until a permanent replacement is found, according to an exchange filing on Thursday. It has also initiated the process of removing him as the chairman from Indian Hotels Co., which runs the Pierre in New York.
Though the process is subject to a shareholder vote, the holding company -- Tata Sons Ltd. -- owns 73 percent of the software unit, which is India’s largest company by market value. It has a 28 percent stake in the hotel company, according to exchange filings.
Ishaat Hussain in 2004.
Photographer: Santosh Verma/Bloomberg Mistry -- who’s cried foul about last month’s ouster -- was deposed as head of the 148-year-old Tata Group but retained the chairmanship at various subsidiaries, threatening to complicate management at the salt-to-automotive empire. The pruning may have just begun as people with knowledge of the matter have said that the conglomerate will call for shareholder meetings to vote Mistry out of most listed units where he is chairman.
To read a profile on Ratan Tata, click here
Tata Consultancy climbed 1.4 percent to 2,199.65 rupees at 1:11 p.m. in Mumbai while Indian Hotels fell 1.3 percent to 107.60 amid a broad rebound in equity markets on Thursday.
Tata Consultancy, which programs software for clients such as Goldman Sachs Group Inc., is the crown jewel of India’s largest business group. Established in 1968 as a division of Tata Sons, it was listed in 2004 and has since blossomed into a giant with with more than 350,000 employees across 45 countries.
The group itself is comprised of more than 100 units -- including over two dozens listed ones -- that generated $103 billion in combined revenue in its last fiscal year.
Hussain, 69, is a chartered accountant by training and is on the boards of several Tata companies including those of Tata Steel Ltd. and Voltas Ltd.
As to Mistry, 48, he remains chairman and non-executive director at group companies including Tata Power Ltd., Jaguar Land Rover’s parent and Tata Chemicals Ltd. The holding company doesn’t have a majority stake in these units, making it more difficult to evict Mistry and setting the stage for a power struggle.
Tata Chemicals’ board is meeting on Thursday to discuss the company’s latest earnings.
Investors got a sense of some of the confusion that may arise from a dual structure when independent directors at Indian Hotels, which runs the Pierre in New York, expressed in a board meeting Friday their confidence in Mistry as chairman and praised steps taken by him. They felt the need to air their views to investors and the public so traders in the company’s stock can make an informed decision, according to an exchange filing.
NUEVOTEXTO
Daily Drive-Thru: Debuts for Honda, Kia, Nissan in Los Angeles; Ford is undeterred by Trump; treats for NYC commuters, and more Debuts for Honda, Kia; Ford unafraid of Trump tarrifs, and more Brian Krzanich, chief executive officer of Intel Corp., speaks during Automobility LA ahead of the Los Angeles Auto Show. (Bloomberg via Getty Images) NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Updated: Wednesday, November 16, 2016, 9:26 AM 
Between vehicle automation, ride-hailing partnerships and car-sharing fleets, it seems like some automakers are actively trying to sell fewer cars. 
Ford Chief Executive Mark Fields addressed that very topic during his keynote speech to open Tuesday’s AutoMobility L.A. technology showcase at the Los Angeles Auto Show. He explained that the future of his company is not so much focused on cars as it transportation at large. 
He talked about battling traffic congestion; taking steps to have less, not more, cars on the road, and working with cities to renovate transportation practices. That was in the opening first few minutes of the exhibition. 
As you can imagine, there was a whole lot news more from automakers and tech companies alike. Lucky for you, I’ve got the full rundown waiting for you below. 
We’ve got car debuts from Ford, Honda, Kia and Nissan, plus an electrified concept from Jaguar and real life plug-in hybrid from Cadillac. On top of that, we’ve got some exciting developments for New York City commuters, Hyundai technology that allows owners to talk to their cars and more in this jam-packed edition of the Daily Drive Thru. 
Check out our gallery of the new releases at this year’s show and, as always, connect with us on social media to get the latest updates. 
FOLLOW DAILY NEWS AUTOS ON FACEBOOK. ‘LIKE’ US HERE. New Car Round-Up: L.A. Auto Show Edition 
I could dedicate this entire article to recapping the redesigned, refreshed and relocated vehicles that came down the pike yesterday, but rather than waste your time and mine, I’ll keep it snappy, give you what you need to know about each vehicle then direct you to a magical place where you can continue to expand your mind (spoiler: it’ll probably just be a link to another post written by me or one of my colleagues). First Pictures: 2018 Ford EcoSport 
2018 Ford EcoSport: Ford is bringing this compact crossover up from Brazil to the U.S. for the 2018 model year. It’ll slot just below the Escape, cost about $20,000 and, seeing as Ford opted to use Ryan Seacrest, DJ Khaled and Snapchat to introduce it to North America, I think it’s safe to say that the EcoSport’s target demographic will be millennials. 
Read more about the EcoSport here . 
2017 Kia Soul Exclaim: The hip-hop hamsters are gone, as are the criticisms about its appearance, now all that’s left for Kia’s subcompact crossover is a sterling reputation and a fanbase that’s poised to push the nameplate over the 150,000-sales mark this year. The only knock on the Soul is that it lacks a certain oomph under the hood, but that too is about to change with the turbocharged Exclaim package. 
Read more about the Soul Exclaim here . First Pictures: 2017 Nissan Sentra NISMO 
2017 Nissan Sentra NISMO: In other turbocharging news, Nissan announced that it will make the Sentra its first-ever mainstream vehicle to receive the NISMO treatment. It’s stylish, sporty and reasonably priced. The only catch is it’s eerily similar to the Sentra SR Turbo, another new add for the 2017 model that has the same horsepower and torque rating but with a cheaper price tag. 
Read more about the Sentra NISMO here . The Civic Si is a (finally) turbocharged return to fun from the beloved Japanese automaker that emphasized it in the first place. (Brian Leon) 
Honda Civic Si Prototype: Nissan isn’t the only Japanese automaker having fun with its sedan lineup in Los Angeles. Honda brought along a similarly turbocharged version of the Civic, which seems to be targeting performance-oriented competitors such as the Volkswagen’s GTI and Ford’s Focus ST. It also ain’t too hard on the eyes either. 
Read more about the Civic Si here . First Pictures: Jaguar I-Pace Concept 
Jaguar I-Pace Concept: Calling this a debut would be a bit premature seeing as Jaguar does not yet have a set production plan for it, you can pretty much pencil the I-Pace in for a 2018 or 2019 model year release. Essentially a battery-powered version of the fun and functional F-Pace SUV, the I-Pace appears to be taking aim at Tesla’s Model X crossover. Chalk this up as yet another bold but brilliant move by the resurgent British brand. 
Read more about the I-Pace here . 
BONUS: First Pictures: 2017 Cadillac CT6 Plug-In Hybrid 
2017 Cadillac CT6 Plug-In Hybrid: OK, so this was nowhere near the Los Angeles Auto Show, but since we’re recapping the first looks of the day, I’ll show some love to Cadillac’s first proper plug-in hybrid electric vehicle. I say proper because, as some of you might remember, a few years ago Caddy essentially co-opted the Chevrolet Volt, fancied it up, slapped a Cadillac badge on the grille and called it the ELR. Unlike that sad excuse for an EV, the plug-in CT6 will help you save money at the pump and look good while doing it. 
Read more about the CT6 plug-in here . Ford’s CEO outlines plan for mobility future Mark Fields, President and CEO, Ford Motor Company, delivered the keynote address to media and guests at the 2016 Los Angeles International Auto Show's AutoMobility L.A. exhibition. (Ford) 
Earlier this year, Ford threw down a gauntlet in the automotive world, promising fully-autonomous cars by 2021 for ride-sharing purposes. Then, it went on to promise a personal-use robotic car by 2025 . It has gradually migrated the heart of research operation from southeast Michigan to northern California to attract computer scientists, rather than engineers. 
For those concerned that that 113-year-old automaker is having an identity crisis, CEO Mark Fields both confirmed those suspicions and tamped them down during his opening remarks yesterday. Ford, he said, is becoming a tech company and an information company, as well. The focus of the Dearborn, Mich.-based company will still be transportation, but less on an individual basis and more so on a mass level. 
Fields said Ford will work with cities across the country to identify transportation needs, craft individual remediation plans then help execute them. Many of those solutions will target alleviating road congestion through vehicle sharing and automation. 
In a way, it’s as if Ford is trying to use 21st-century technologies to undo the damage it inflicted upon this country during the 20th century. For as much good Ford’s assembly line and affordable vehicles did for this country, it also enabled people to flee their cities in favor of suburbia, leaving many once-great metropolises depleted with over-taxed infrastructures and the congestion issues that Ford is now looking to fix. 
Source: Ford Fields: Trump election won’t alter Ford’s plans Ford will continue making the Fiesta and other small vehicles in Mexico despite President-elect Trump's tarrif tough talk. (Ford) 
It’s no secret that, as a candidate for president, Donald Trump was no fan of Ford’s decision to move some vehicle production to Mexico. As president-elect, Trump has not backed down from his claims that he will tear up trade deals and impose a steep tariff on U.S. companies that produce goods outside the country, but that tough talk has not deterred the Dearborn automaker. 
At the Los Angeles Auto Show yesterday, Fields told reporters that his company will continue shifting its small car assembly operation toward Mexico as planned, despite facing an import tariff as high as 35 percent. Fields also said Ford would not be swayed from its course on vehicle electrification, even if the Trump Administration rolls back fuel economy and emissions standards. 
“I do think electrification will become a bigger part of this industry because it’s not only the U.S. When you look globally at European regulations and China regulations it’s really driving toward electrification,” Fields told Automotive News. 
Source: Automotive News Hyundai’s Blue Link system gets Alexa-fied 
Alexa, write the rest of today’s Drive-Thru… What’s that? You don’t have the update yet?… Shoot. 
It turns out the Amazon Echo’s Alexa software still has some limitations, though seemingly fewer by the day. Yesterday, Hyundai announced that it has synced its signature connectivity package, Blue Link, with the Echo voice recognition system, enabling car owners to control their vehicles’ engines, locks and climate settings without lifting a finger. 
Owners of the Hyundai’s Ioniq Electric, Ioniq Plug-In and Sonata Plug-In to control charging in their vehicles with the sound of their voice. Amazon Echo is compatible with all second generation Blue Link systems, which will be available to paying subscribers in all 2017 Hyundai models and most 2016s. 
Read more about the Echo-Blue Link connection here . BMW expands ReachNow to Brooklyn 
ReachNow, BMW’s take on car sharing, is headed for Brooklyn. The German luxury automaker announced that the borough would be its third location in the U.S. and first east of the Mississippi after debuting the service in Portland and Seattle. 
Like other car sharing programs, ReachNow requires a membership fee and charges customers per minute of use. The big difference is this service will allow Brooklynites to drive BMW 3 Series or Mini Clubman instead of some of the more economy-oriented vehicles offered by other services. 
After paying a one-time $39 membership fee, ReachNow customers pay 49 cents per driving minute and 30 cents per parked minute, with caps of $50 for three hours, $80 for 12 hours and $110 for 24 hours. All cars must be returned to home areas, which include certain streets within Williamsburg, Greenpoint, Borough Park, Bushwick, Bed-Stuy, Crown Heights and Sunset Park. 
In addition to the geographic expansion, BMW announced that it also would expand the services provided by ReachNow to include on-demand ride-hailing, maintained fleets that are at static locations, multi-day reservations and peer-to-peer vehicle sharing. 
Source: BMW Gett to offer free, cheap rides to NYC commuters Gett is looking to expand its New York user base by offering free rides to commuters in Manhattan. (Gett) 
There’s a new ride-hailing company in town that’s marking its territory by offering free rides to New Yorkers. Until December 5, commuters will be able to hail a free ride through the Gett app in certain underserved parts of Manhattan. After December 5, rides prices will shoot up to a whopping $3 flat. 
Founded in Israel and heavily backed by Volkswagen, Gett has established strong customer bases in several European cities and Tel Aviv by promoting its no-surge price policy. Now, it’s looking to make up ground on competitors such as Uber and Lyft in the U.S, hence the ridiculously cheap promotion. 
Free rides will be offered between 7 a.m. and 10 a.m. as well as between 5 p.m. and 8 p.m. Designated routes are designed to serve people who live on the Upper East Side, Upper West and in the East Village. 
Source: Gett 
Check the Daily Drive-Thru every weekday morning to get the latest on the most important news and trends in the automotive world. 
You can find Tuesday’s installment of the Drive-Thru here and view the rest of our archives here . 
Got a news tip or a comment? You can find me on Twitter where I go by @ByKyleCampbell or email me at . Tags:
NUEVOTEXTO
Richard Sherman says he's been fined for running into Bills kicker Dan Carpenter Richard Sherman, Dan Carpenter John Froschauer / Associated Press Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman, right, blocks a field-goal attempt by Bills kicker Dan Carpenter (2) on a play after the whistle during their game last week. Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman, right, blocks a field-goal attempt by Bills kicker Dan Carpenter (2) on a play after the whistle during their game last week. (John Froschauer / Associated Press) Associated Press 
Seattle Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman confirmed Thursday he's been fined by the NFL for his hit on Buffalo kicker Dan Carpenter in last Monday's game against the Bills . 
Sherman said that the explanation from the league makes it nearly impossible for him to appeal the $9,115 fine. Sherman said the league's justification in its letter to him was that his hit on Carpenter as he attempted to block a field-goal attempt at the end of the first half came after the whistle was blown. 
Sherman said he won't appeal the fine. “It would be a long, thoughtless process,” Sherman said. “Their logic is impeccable so there's not really a fight. I'm still fine with everything.” 
Sherman was not penalized for unnecessary roughness on the play. He was flagged for being offside, but referee Walt Anderson's explanation after the game said he didn't believe the contact was excessive enough to warrant an unnecessary roughness penalty. 
Dean Blandino , the NFL’s head of officiating, later said that interpretation was incorrect and that Sherman should have received a personal foul on the play, an interpretation that Seattle Coach Pete Carroll agreed with. 
Sherman's argument was that while he was clearly offside, he was playing until the whistle, which he said he never heard. 
“People don't understand free play rules. The only reason people understand them to any degree because there are so many of them nowadays with ( Aaron Rodgers ) and guys like that and they don't realize the plays aren't called dead until the refs call it dead,” Sherman said. “And usually when the quarterback sees the rusher coming they spike the ball, the play is over. That's usually how it goes. If nobody is coming, they get a free play, they take a shot at the end zone. We've won games like that, we've thrown touchdown passes. But when the other team keeps playing, you keep playing.” 
Etc. 
Miami Dolphins defensive tackle Earl Mitchell , sidelined since Week 1 because of a calf injury, has been activated from injured reserve and is expected to play Sunday at San Diego. Receivers Jarvis Landry (shoulder) and Kenny Stills (calf) missed practice and their status on the injury report is listed as day to day. … Jacksonville Jaguars receiver Allen Hurns returned to practice in a limited capacity, taking a step in the NFL's return to play concussion protocol. If Hurns continues to make progress, he could be cleared to fully practice later in the week and play Sunday against AFC South rival Houston. … 
Kansas City Chiefs linebacker Justin Houston , who has been recovering from off-season knee surgery, says he hopes to make his season debut Sunday at Carolina, though the decision to put the four-time Pro Bowl pass rusher on the field ultimately rests with Coach Andy Reid . … Washington Redskins wide receiver DeSean Jackson (rotator cuff) missed a second consecutive day of practice because of a left shoulder injury, and his status for Sunday's game against the Minnesota Vikings is uncertain.
NUEVOTEXTO
Ford, GM React to Trump Presidential Win Motor Trend 23 hrs ago Motor Trend Staff © Motor Trend Staff Ford-Motor-Company-headquarters-dearborn1 During his campaign for presidency, Donald Trump has threatened to renegotiate NAFTA and tighten up trade with Mexico, a market where both Ford and GM seek to expand in the coming years. But despite the potential negative consequences a Trump presidency may have on these automakers, they are taking the election results in stride, at least publicly.
Research Make (e.g. Mazda) Acura Alfa Romeo AM General Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Dodge Eagle Ferrari Fiat Fisker Ford Genesis Geo GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion smart SRT Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo "GM congratulates both candidates and parties on their hard-fought campaigns. GM looks forward to working with President-elect Donald J. Trump and the new Congress on policies that support a strong and competitive U.S. manufacturing base," the automaker said in a statement, adding that it "will continue to do its part to transform the future of mobility and contribute to America's competitive strength."
Ford, which has been the most prized red circle on Trump's target board, told Motor Trend, "We congratulate the President-elect and new governors, members of Congress and elected officials across all levels of the U.S. government. We agree with Mr. Trump that it is really important to unite the country and we look forward to working together to support economic growth and jobs."
At the beginning of his campaign, Trump threatened to stop Ford from opening a new plant in Mexico , even saying he would impose tariffs on its cars shipped over here. Recently, Ford said it would move all of its small car production from the U.S. to Mexico over the next few years, substituting the cars with new products. Trump famously suggested Ford would "fire all of their employees in the United States," to which Ford CEO Mark Fields retorted that no American jobs would be lost in the production shift.
The president-elect has also expressed discontent at GM's decision to spend $5 billion to expand its operations in Mexico. Just today, however, GM announced it would lay off 2,000 people and cut a shift at two of its factories due to slow sales. The affected plants include Lordstown, Ohio, which produces the Cruze , and Lansing, Mich., which builds Camaros and Cadillac sedans.
If Trump's protectionist policies see the light of day, small cars made in Mexico and shipped to the U.S. could become less appealing to U.S. consumers. Prices could go up $5,000 or more, warned Charles Chesbrough, senior economist at Original Equipment Suppliers Association, speaking with Reuters.
While Ford and GM may have reason to worry, the mining and heavy equipment industries could benefit greatly. Investors are predicting that Caterpillar could benefit from Trump's plans to curtail regulation in the coal industry. Shares for the company increased nearly 7 percent earlier today.
Source: GM, Ford, Reuters
Follow MSN Autos on Facebook
Go to MSN Home
NUEVOTEXTO
Parks and Recreation Park and Recreation's Leslie Knope writes reassuring letter to America 
Fictional character played by Amy Poehler wrote, of the election: ‘I do not accept that our country has descended into the hatred-swirled slop pile he lives in’ ‘He is not the future. You are the future,’ Leslie Knope wrote. Photograph: NBC/NBCU Photo Bank via Getty Images Guardian staff Friday 11 November 2016 00.01 GMT Last modified on Friday 11 November 2016 00.04 GMT Share on Messenger 
Following in the footsteps of Michael Moore , Amy Schumer and Jennifer Lawrence , Leslie Knope – the relentlessly positive public servant from Park and Recreation, who is played by Amy Poehler – has chipped in with a letter to America after Donald Trump’s win in the presidential campaign. Amy Poehler: ‘I see life as being attacked by a bear' Read more 
The fictional character, who has been compared to Hillary Clinton , begins: “Amidst the confusion, and despair, and disbelief, it was suggested to me by a very close friend of mine (I won’t say her name, to protect her identity) (Ann. It was Ann) that perhaps a few people would enjoy hearing my thoughts on this election.” 
Originally appearing on Vox , the letter continues with a typically Knopian anecdote about a fourth grade social sciences lesson involving a cartoon tortoise named Greenie, and a jaguar named Speedy, who strike resemblances to the Republican and Democratic nominees. 
“Rick Dissellio read a speech from Speedy, in which he promised that, if elected, he would end school early, have extra recess, and provide endless lunches of chocolate pizzandy (a local Pawnee delicacy at the time: deep fried pizza where the crust was candy bars),” she writes of the Trump-esque option. 
Knope’s speech from Greenie was a more measured approach from a candidate “who promised to go slow and steady, think about the problems of our school, and try her best to solve them in a way that would benefit the most people”. 
After losing the election Knope learned to except it because that’s how democracy works. “I acknowledge that Donald Trump is the president,” she adds. “I understand, intellectually, that he won the election. But I do not accept that our country has descended into the hatred-swirled slop pile that he lives in.” 
While directly addressing young girls, she writes: “Our president-elect is everything you should abhor and fear in a male role model. He has spent his life telling you, and girls and women like you, that your lives are valueless except as sexual objects. He has demeaned you, and belittled you, and put you in a little box to be looked at and not heard. It is your job, and the job of girls and women like you, to bust out.” 
The Parks and Recreation character became a cult figure, and the show also played host to a cameo from Michelle Obama , as well as being considered part of a new wave of shows with powerful female leads . 
“He is the present, sadly, but he is not the future. You are the future. Your strength is a million times his. Your power is a billion times his. We will acknowledge this result, but we will not accept it. We will overcome it, and we will defeat it,” she writes. 
“Now find your team, and get to work.”
NUEVOTEXTO
Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - In this Nov. 6, 2016, file photo, field Judge Mike Weatherford, left, throws his cap toward Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce (87) after Kelce, who was ejected for unsportsmanlike conduct, threw a towel in his direction during the second half of an NFL football game against the Jacksonville Jaguars in Kansas City, Mo. Quarterbacks say they take too many dirty hits. Receivers complain they are targeted. Defensive backs say they can’t touch anyone without getting a flag. And coaches say their teams never catch a break. Fans want games to move along without endless reviews and flags. less FILE - In this Nov. 6, 2016, file photo, field Judge Mike Weatherford, left, throws his cap toward Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce (87) after Kelce, who was ejected for unsportsmanlike conduct, threw ... more Photo: Ed Zurga, AP Chiefs' Kelce fined $24,309 for tossing towel at official 1 / 1 Back to Gallery NEW YORK (AP) — Turns out that was one costly towel toss for Travis Kelce. The Kansas City Chiefs tight end was fined $24,309 by the NFL on Friday after he protested a non-call by mockingly chucking his towel toward an official and being ejected. Kelce thought Jacksonville's Prince Amukamara should have been called for pass interference in the end zone during the Chiefs' 19-14 victory last Sunday when he grabbed his towel and made like it was a penalty flag. The official threw his hat in response, another official tossed a penalty flag on Kelce and the tight end was tossed from the game. Chiefs teammate Daniel Sorensen was also fined $9,115 for a late hit out of bounds on Allen Robinson in that game. Cleveland center Cam Erving and Dallas defensive end David Irving were each docked $9,115 for their tussle in the Cowboys' 35-10 win. Irving punched Erving before getting his helmet ripped off. Miami's Andre Branch , San Francisco's Quinton Patton and Los Angeles' William Hayes were all fined $18,231 for horse-collar tackles. Branch was called for a penalty after he took Jets wide receiver Brandon Marshall down for a 1-yard loss in the first quarter of the Dolphins' 27-23 win. Also in that game, New York cornerback Buster Skrine was fined $9,115 for unnecessary roughness, as was defensive lineman Sheldon Richardson . Patton's penalty came when he tackled New Orleans linebacker Craig Robinson during an interception return that led to a touchdown in the Saints' 41-23 win. Hayes' horse-collar tackle came in the fourth quarter of Los Angeles' 13-10 loss to Carolina. Detroit's Johnson Bademosi and Green Bay's Ty Montgomery were both fined $9,115 for roughing-the-kicker penalties in their games. Also docked $9,115 were San Diego's D.J. Fluker and Dexter McCoil for unnecessary roughness infractions against Tennessee, and Seattle's George Fant for a clipping penalty against Buffalo. ___ 
NUEVOTEXTO
Close Matt Willis has been a studio researcher at ESPN since 2006, working on "NASCAR Now" and "SportsCenter," among other shows. He graduated from Ithaca College in 2006 with a degree in journalism. While there, he worked on ICTV, on shows such as "Ya Think You Know Sports?" and "Sports Final." He also was a member of the IC Comedy Club and figures about half of the jokes he makes in his column are actually funny. comment 
The Westgate Las Vegas SuperBook releases updated futures odds across major sports every week. ESPN Stats & Info Senior Researcher Matt Willis breaks down the biggest changes within the marketplace, including who is moving up or falling back among odds to win championships and major awards. Super Bowl LI 
NFL: Believe in the Raiders? Steelers? Colts? 
The Oakland Raiders picked up a big victory over the Denver Broncos on Sunday to improve to 7-2 and take the AFC West lead. Despite the win, the Raiders' championship odds improved only slightly, from 20-1 to 18-1, although they did pass the Broncos to move into the third-best odds among AFC teams. 
The team with the second-best odds in the AFC is the Pittsburgh Steelers , who dropped to 4-4 with a loss to the Baltimore Ravens that put those teams in a tie atop the AFC North, with the Cincinnati Bengals just a half-game back. Despite the loss, the Steelers' odds to win the Super Bowl held steady at 16-1, a sign that the oddsmakers might put more importance in knowing Ben Roethlisberger is back from injury than the difference between 5-3 and 4-4. 
ESPN's Football Power Index agrees with Vegas in that the Raiders have the third-best chance of an AFC team. But the difference is that FPI puts Denver in the No. 2 slot. 
The topsy-turvy Indianapolis Colts are back in the upswing with a victory over the Green Bay Packers . Indy improved to 30-1 to win the Super Bowl and 15-1 to win the AFC. 
The team that currently leads them by a game-and-a-half in the AFC South, the Houston Texans , are 50-1 to win the Super Bowl and 25-1 to win the AFC. 
If you think the Colts are in line for a championship, timing has been everything. At one point in August, the Colts were 20-1, but after an 0-2 start, dropped to 60-1. Then they were 80-1 after a Week 4 loss to the Jacksonville Jaguars . 
More twists -- after a Week 7 road win, the Colts were 30-1. But they dropped to 80-1 (matching a season-worst) after a 16-point loss. Now, Indy's back to 30-1 heading into a bye week. College Football Playoff 
Auburn on same path as LSU 
The LSU Tigers dropped to 100-1 to win the national championship after a 2-2 start. But three straight wins, plus the shine of playing in the SEC, where a two-loss team could realistically make the playoff, helped it improve to 20-1 entering last week, the seventh-best of all teams. 
But, after a loss to Alabama, a three-win LSU team is now off the board. 
The team that appears to have taken over that path is the Auburn Tigers , which started 1-2, dropping to 1,000-1 to win the championship. 
Auburn then reeled off six straight wins since the 1-2 start and sits at 30-1 now to win the championship, eighth among all teams. That's because, like LSU, winning out assures Auburn a spot in the SEC championship game. 
The Tigers have an 81.5-percent chance to beat both Georgia and Alabama A&M, but just a 21.3-percent chance to win a road Iron Bowl against Alabama. 
NUEVOTEXTO
How Car Companies Choose Paint Colors Car and Driver 1 day ago Clifford Atiyeh
© Clifford Atiyeh How Car Companies Choose Paint Colors If you’re able to match your car’s paint to your Berluti briefcase, please disregard this story and let your assistant continue customizing your next Rolls-Royce. For the rest of us, choosing an exterior paint isn’t much of a choice. You get what you get on the lot, and often it’ll be white, gray, or black. So who decides what colors our cars wear, and why? We spoke with PPG, a leading automotive paint supplier, to find out.
What colors are most popular?
The plainest ones—whites, grays, silvers, blacks—made up three-quarters of worldwide new-car sales in 2015. This, despite PPG research that has found nearly 60 percent of potential buyers consider the color of their new car as a “major factor” when shopping. Like staging a home, it’s easiest to sell any car in neutral, inoffensive tones, and that’s what most dealers do. It’s not uncommon to find half a dozen shades of gray on a lineup of luxury cars yet only one red or blue.
Research Make (e.g. Mazda) Acura Alfa Romeo AM General Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Dodge Eagle Ferrari Fiat Fisker Ford Genesis Geo GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion smart SRT Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Can boring colors look hot?
Yes; it’s all about how the automaker applies the paint. Some colors are created with a metallic base coat under a tinted clear-coat. Others combine the primer with the base coat. Still others use a deeper-looking, three-layer process wherein the first coat is stripped of all mica and aluminum, the second coat adds them in the middle, and then the clear-coat is applied. Whether it’s a mirror finish or an intense sparkle, the specific process can make otherwise ordinary shades more intriguing.
Why do certain colors become popular?
PPG looks at everything colored—architecture, clothing, electronics, nature—and lets automakers pick from a new round of color palettes every year. These colors, adjusted for each automaker’s preferences, won’t go into production for another three years.
What’s on the horizon?
Right now, browns, oranges, and golds are garnering attention. Lighter blues are making a comeback. Two-tone and matte finishes, almost exclusively for exotic cars just a few years ago, are trickling into the mainstream. Trace amounts of color-shifting pigments, in which precisely layered metallic flakes create subtle, multiple hues, are also popular.
Can I expect my paint to last?
With proper owner care, automakers expect their paint finishes to last without dulling or fading for at least 10 years.
Follow MSN Autos on Facebook
Go to MSN Home
NUEVOTEXTO
Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about Facebook Email Giants win fourth in a row, edging Bengals 21-20 Bold fourth-quarter call helps New York win fourth in a row. Post to Facebook Giants win fourth in a row, edging Bengals 21-20 Bold fourth-quarter call helps New York win fourth in a row. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2fUm655 Cancel Send A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Giants win fourth in a row, edging Bengals 21-20 Lorenzo Reyes , USA TODAY 12:01 a.m. EST November 15, 2016 USA TODAY Sports' Tom Pelissero breaks down all the Week 10 action. USA TODAY Sports Giants WR Sterling Shepard enjoys his game-winning TD. (Photo: Michael Reaves, Getty Images) 
EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. — It was one of those calls — a fourth down attempt that either fails, leaves points on the board and looks like a needlessly aggressive decision, or it works and looks brilliant. 
For Ben McAdoo and the New York Giants, it was the latter. 
Facing a six-point deficit one minute into the fourth quarter of Monday night’s game, McAdoo kept his field goal unit on the sideline and relayed the call into quarterback quarterback Eli Manning’s helmet. The result: a 3-yard touchdown pass to rookie receiver Sterling Shepard. It gave the Giants the go-ahead score, and paved the way for their 21-20 victory against the Cincinnati Bengals. 
If the call put the Giants in position to win, it was the team’s pass rush — which had been average for most of the season — that stamped the victory, with two sacks in Cincinnati’s last offensive possession. 
Now, New York (6-3) continues to hold the inside track for a wild card berth in the NFC. With three pivotal division games looming in three of the final four weeks of the season, Monday night’s game against Cincinnati was one the Giants needed to keep pace. Though the performance was flawed, it was a solid measuring stick for New York, which is looking to make the postseason for the first time since 2011. 
The Giants' opening series was a thing of beauty. Manning completed all six of his passes for 72 yards, each going to a different player. A 10-yard grab by Jerrell Adams gave New York an early 7-0 lead. But the offense flailed for much of the following two quarters, scoring just seven more points before halftime. 
With his 10-catch, 97-yard, one-touchdown performance, Giants receiver Odell Beckham Jr. eclipsed 3,500 receiving yards faster than any other player in NFL history, needing 36 games. The mark, previously held by Lance Alworth, had stood at 37 games. 
Cincinnati’s (3-5-1) slide continues, though an overall down year in the AFC North hasn’t eliminated the Bengals by any stretch. 
But unless quarterback Andy Dalton, who completed 16 of 29 passes for 204 yards with one touchdown and one interception, and the entire team turns it around soon, the Bengals may be at risk of missing the playoffs for the first time since 2010. 
*** 
Follow Lorenzo Reyes on Twitter @LorenzoGReyes 
PHOTOS: Week 10 NFL action Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Bengals receiver A.J. Green (18) is brought down by a host of Giants tacklers after a first-half catch. Ed Mulholland, USA TODAY Sports Bengals receiver A.J. Green (18) hauls in a first-half touchdown catch against Giants defenders Janoris Jenkins (20) and Landon Collins (21). Brad Penner, USA TODAY Sports Giants receiver Odell Beckham Jr. (13) makes a leaping grab during the first half against the Bengals. Brad Penner, USA TODAY Sports Seattle Seahawks running back C.J. Prosise (22) runs the ball against the New England Patriots in the second half at Gillette Stadium. David Butler II, USA TODAY Sports New England Patriots wide receiver Julian Edelman (11) fumbles the ball while being tackled by Seattle Seahawks strong safety Kam Chancellor (31) and outside linebacker K.J. Wright (50) during the fourth quarter at Gillette Stadium. Greg M. Cooper, USA TODAY Sports Dallas Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott (21) rushes the ball against Pittsburgh Steelers inside linebacker Ryan Shazier (50) during the fourth quarter at Heinz Field. Charles LeClaire, USA TODAY Sport Miami Dolphins running back Damien Williams (26) reacts after scoring a touchdown during the second half against the San Diego Chargers at Qualcomm Stadium. Orlando Jorge Ramirez, USA TODAY Sports Arizona Cardinals outside linebacker Alex Okafor (57) sacks San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick (7) during the second half at University of Phoenix Stadium. Joe Camporeale, USA TODAY Sports Dallas Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott (21) is hit by Pittsburgh Steelers defenders during the first half of their game at Heinz Field. Jason Bridge, USA TODAY Sports Pittsburgh Steelers running back Le'Veon Bell (26) rushes the ball against Dallas Cowboys outside linebacker Sean Lee (50) during the second quarter at Heinz Field. Charles LeClaire, USA TODAY Sports Miami Dolphins defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh (93) works gainst San Diego Chargers center Matt Slauson (68) during the second quarter at Qualcomm Stadium. Jake Roth, USA TODAY Sports Denver Broncos quarterback Trevor Siemian (13) celebrates a touchdown as New Orleans Saints defensive end Paul Kruger (99) looks on during the second half of a game at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome. Derick E. Hingle, USA TODAY Sport Jacksonville Jaguars quarterback Blake Bortles (5) reacts after a play in the second quarter against the Jacksonville Jaguars at EverBank Field. Logan Bowles, USA TODAY Sports Philadelphia Eagles running back Ryan Mathews (24) scores on a 5-yard touchdown run during the fourth quarter against the Atlanta Falcons at Lincoln Financial Field. Eric Hartline, USA TODAY Sports Chicago Bears quarterback Jay Cutler (6) is tackled by Tampa Bay Buccaneers defensive end Robert Ayers (91) for a safety in the second half at Raymond James Stadium. Aaron Doster, USA TODAY Sports Tampa Bay Buccaneers running back Doug Martin (22) is congratulated by quarterback Jameis Winston (3) after he scored a touchdown against the Chicago Bears during the second half at Raymond James Stadium. Kim Klement, USA TODAY Sports Dallas Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott (21) is stopped by Pittsburgh Steelers safety Robert Golden (21) during the first quarter of their game at Heinz Field. Jason Bridge, USA TODAY Sports San Diego Chargers outside linebacker Melvin Ingram (54) knocks the ball out of the hands of Miami Dolphins quarterback Ryan Tannehill (17) during the first quarter at Qualcomm Stadium. Jake Roth, USA TODAY Sports San Diego Chargers running back Melvin Gordon (28) runs the ball ahead of Miami Dolphins linebacker Donald Butler (56) during the first quarter at Qualcomm Stadium. Orlando Jorge Ramirez, USA TODAY Sports Arizona Cardinals running back David Johnson (31) celebrates a touchdown against the San Francisco 49ers during the first half at University of Phoenix Stadium. Joe Camporeale, USA TODAY Sports Atlanta Falcons running back Devonta Freeman (24) carries the football against the Philadelphia Eagles during the first half at Lincoln Financial Field. Eric Hartline, USA TODAY Sports Atlanta Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan (2) is sacked by Philadelphia Eagles defensive end Connor Barwin (98) during the first half at Lincoln Financial Field. Eric Hartline, USA TODAY Sports Chicago Bears wide receiver Cameron Meredith (81) catches a deflected pass for a touchdown as Tampa Bay Buccaneers strong safety Chris Conte (23) defends in the first half at Raymond James Stadium. Aaron Doster, USA TODAY Sports Tennessee Titans wide receiver Rishard Matthews (18) reacts after catching a pass for touchdown against the Green Bay Packers with teammate Titans wide receiver Harry Douglas (83) during the first half at Nissan Stadium. Jim Brown, USA TODAY Sports Jacksonville Jaguars quarterback Blake Bortles (5) throws the ball in the second quarter against the Houston Texans at EverBank Field. Logan Bowles, USA TODAY Sports Carolina Panthers quarterback Cam Newton (1) reacts after his rushing touchdown in the second quarter against the Kansas City Chiefs at Bank of America Stadium. Jim Dedmon, USA TODAY Sports Minnesota Vikings wide receiver Adam Thielen (19) celebrates with Vikings guard Alex Boone (76) after scoring a touchdown against the Washington Redskins in the second quarter at FedEx Field. Geoff Burke, USA TODAY Sports Tampa Bay Buccaneers strong safety Chris Conte (23) reacts with outside linebacker Daryl Smith (51) after scoring a touchdown, after intercepting a pass from Chicago Bears quarterback Jay Cutler (not pictured) in the first half at Raymond James Stadium. Aaron Doster, USA TODAY Sports Carolina Panthers wide receiver Devin Funchess (17) celebrates with wide receiver Kelvin Benjamin (13) after catching a touchdown pass in the second quarter at Bank of America Stadium. Bob Donnan, USA TODAY Sports Tampa Bay Buccaneers defensive end Noah Spence (57) strips the ball from Chicago Bears quarterback Jay Cutler (6) in the first half at Raymond James Stadium. Aaron Doster, USA TODAY Sports New York Jets running back Bilal Powell (29) scores on a four-yard touchdown pass in the second quarter against the Los Angeles Rams at MetLife Stadium. Kirby Lee, USA TODAY Sports Nov 13, 2016; New Orleans, LA, USA; Denver Broncos wide receiver Jordan Taylor catches a touchdown pass against New Orleans Saints free safety Jairus Byrd (31) in the first quarter at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome. Chuck Cook, USA TODAY Sports Denver Broncos quarterback Trevor Siemian (13) is sacked by New Orleans Saints defensive tackle Nick Fairley (90) during the first quarter of a game at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome. Derick E. Hingle, USA TODAY Sports Tennessee Titans tight end Delanie Walker (82) runs after a catch during the first half against the Green Bay Packers at Nissan Stadium. Christopher Hanewinckel, USA TODAY Sports Houston Texans cornerback Kareem Jackson (25) celebrates a interception for a touchdown in the first quarter with defensive back Eddie Pleasant (35) and outside linebacker Whitney Mercilus (59) against the Jacksonville Jaguars at EverBank Field. Logan Bowles, USA TODAY Sports Carolina Panthers free safety Tre Boston (33) intercepts a pass intended for Kansas City Chiefs wide receiver Tyreek Hill (10) in the first quarter at Bank of America Stadium. Jim Dedmon, USA TODAY Sports Washington Redskins wide receiver Jamison Crowder (80) celebrates after catching a touchdown pass against the Minnesota Vikings int he first quarter at FedEx Field. Geoff Burke, USA TODAY Sports Washington Redskins quarterback Kirk Cousins (8) throws the ball as Minnesota Vikings defensive end Brian Robison (96) chases in the first quarter at FedEx Field. Geoff Burke, USA TODAY Sports Baltimore Ravens wide receiver Steve Smith (89) celebrates after scoring a touchdown during the third quarter against the Cleveland Browns at M&T Bank Stadium. Tommy Gilligan, USA TODAY Sports Baltimore Ravens wide receiver Steve Smith (89) runs as Cleveland Browns cornerback Tramon Williams (22) chases during the third quarter at M&T Bank Stadium. Tommy Gilligan, USA TODAY Sports Baltimore Ravens running back Kenneth Dixon (30) runs past Cleveland Browns cornerback Joe Haden (23) during the first quarter at M&T Bank Stadium. Tommy Gilligan, USA TODAY Sports Cleveland Browns wide receiver Terrelle Pryor (11) makes a catch in front of Baltimore Ravens cornerback Jimmy Smith (22) during the second quarter at M&T Bank Stadium. Tommy Gilligan, USA TODAY Sports Cleveland Browns tight end Seth DeValve (87) celebrates with quarterback Cody Kessler (6) after scoring a touchdown during the second quarter against the Baltimore Ravens at M&T Bank Stadium. Tommy Gilligan, USA TODAY Sports Baltimore Ravens running back Terrance West (28) gains yards against the Cleveland Browns at M&T Bank Stadium. Mitch Stringer, USA TODAY Sports Cleveland Browns quarterback Cody Kessler (6) sacked by Baltimore Ravens safety Lardarius Webb (21) at M&T Bank Stadium. Mitch Stringer, USA TODAY Sports Baltimore Ravens quarterback Joe Flacco (5) passes during the first quarter against the Cleveland Browns at M&T Bank Stadium. Tommy Gilligan, USA TODAY Sports Cleveland Browns quarterback Cody Kessler (6) rolls out to pass during the first quarter against the Baltimore Ravens at M&T Bank Stadium. Tommy Gilligan, USA TODAY Sports Cleveland Browns outside linebacker Emmanuel Ogbah (90) hits Baltimore Ravens quarterback Joe Flacco (5) after the pass during the first quarter at M&T Bank Stadium. Tommy Gilligan, USA TODAY Sports Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay
NUEVOTEXTO
VW reaches agreement on fixes, buybacks for 80,000 polluting diesels Reuters 5 hrs ago David Shepardson Volkswagen AG has reached an agreement with U.S. regulators for a mix of buybacks and fixes for 80,000 polluting Audi, Porsche and VW 3.0-liter vehicles, two sources briefed on the matter said Tuesday.
Research Make (e.g. Mazda) Acura Alfa Romeo AM General Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Dodge Eagle Ferrari Fiat Fisker Ford Genesis Geo GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion smart SRT Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo The agreement includes a buyback offer for about 20,000 older Audi and VW SUVs and a software fix for 60,000 newer Porsche, Audi and VW cars and SUVs, the sources said. A separate, more complex fix is expected to be offered for the older vehicles. Talks are ongoing between lawyers for the owners and Volkswagen over compensation for the owners ahead of a Nov. 30 court hearing.
Volkswagen, which has already agreed to spend up to $16.5 billion to resolve U.S. diesel emissions cheating allegations, and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency declined to comment Wednesday.
Audi spokesman Mark Clothier said the company is "working hard to make things right... As noted in court we are making substantial progress in our efforts to reach an approved resolution," but declined to discuss the status of the vehicles.
VW previously agreed to spend up to $10.3 billion to buy back as many as 475,000 polluting 2.0 diesel vehicles. Court documents show that at least 60 percent of those owners have already signaled they plan to sell the vehicles back.
That included compensation of $5,100 to $10,000 per vehicle. Volkswagen wants to offer significantly less compensation to 3.0 liter owners, the sources said. The 2.0-liter diesel vehicles have software that allowed them to evade emissions rules in testing and emit up to 40 times legally allowable emissions in onroad driving. The 3.0 liter vehicles have an undeclared auxiliary emissions system that allowed the vehicles to emit up to nine times allowable limits.
Audi has also come under scrutiny over whether some gasoline vehicles have separate software that lowered carbon dioxide emissions by detecting whether a car's steering wheel was turned as it would be when driving on a road.
VW has been barred from selling diesel vehicles in the United States since 2015 and has said it has not decided whether it will resume U.S. diesel sales.
Go to MSN Home
NUEVOTEXTO
More Columns > 
Week 12 brought us another round of strong streaming performances, with five of the seven recommended teams last week scoring six or more fantasy points. The Giants also sit atop the defensive scoring rankings with one game yet to play, but that was easy to call because, Browns . Week 13 doesn't offer us the same luxury as the Browns (and Titans) are on their byes. Nevertheless, there are six low-owned defenses in great spots to post solid fantasy totals this week. 
As always, I'll rely on the streaming D/ST qualifications previously established by Matt Harmon and Matt Franciscovich in this column: good matchups, home teams, favorites, and obviously talented defenses. Let's get to it. Week 13 Streaming Defenses Baltimore Ravens D/ST (32.4 percent owned) vs. Miami Dolphins 
The Ravens ownership percentage is creeping higher and higher each week, and for good reason. This unit has four double-digit fantasy outings in its last five games and is among the league leaders in many statistical categories. Miami's offense has struggled against better defenses, and could be missing three starting offensive lineman for the second week in a row. As a result, Tannehill has been sacked six times in the last two games after only being taken down three times from Week 6 to Week 10 (four games). If the Ravens are still available, give them a look this week on waivers. They could find some success playing at home against a banged up offense. Atlanta Falcons D/ST (5.6 percent owned) vs. Kansas City Chiefs 
The Falcons defense hasn't been stellar from a real-life perspective, allowing nearly 26 points per game over their last four. However, in fantasy that often doesn't matter. The Falcons ' pass rush has been active recently, with multiple sacks in five straight games. While the Chiefs put up 30 points on Sunday Night Football, nine of those came from the defense and special teams as the offense was inept for large stretches of the game. Alex Smith refuses to challenge defenses deep, and that could play into the Falcon's favor. With the home crowd and an emerging pass rush in tow, the Falcons could post a decent fantasy line even if Smith somehow manages to challenge their depleted secondary now that star corner Desmond Trufant is headed to IR. Jacksonville Jaguars D/ST (2.2 percent owned) vs. Denver Broncos 
It might seem hard to believe considering Jacksonville is on a six-game losing streak, but the defense down in Duval County has been playing pretty good football of late. Over the last four games the Jags allow 21.25 points per game after allowing 28 during their first seven games, and average 2.75 sacks per game after managing a measly 1.85 per game to start the year. While the Denver offense has been efficient overall in recent weeks, the offensive line is a mess. Trevor Siemian has been sacked 11 times in the last two games alone, which doesn't bode well against the aforementioned improving Jacksonville pass rush. The Jaguars are a lower-end streaming option, but those in deeper leagues or playing DFS could give them a look. San Francisco 49ers D/ST (3.1 percent owned) at Chicago Bears 
Matt Barkley and the Bears foiled our streaming plans with the Titans in Week 12, but there's no reason to not return to the well in Week 13 when the 49ers travel to Soldier Field. Barkley threw two red-zone interceptions against the Titans and is a constant turnover risk as an unproven starter. And even if Jay Cutler heals up enough to start, well, it's not like he's much of an improvement in the turnover department. The 49ers defense hasn't racked up fantasy points over the last month (just eight total points), so there's definite risk in streaming this unit. However, a play like this is banking on big turnovers, which the Bears are prone to committing. If you feel the risk is worth the reward, give the 49ers a call off waivers this week. Green Bay Packers D/ST (23.7 percent owned) vs. Houston Texans 
I know, I know. The Packers have allowed 153 points in their last four games, with each team scoring more than 30. They've had two negative fantasy outings in that span, and have scored one combined fantasy point over those four weeks. However, their injury-ravaged defense gets a much-needed respite next week with a home date against Brock Osweiler and the Houston Texans . The Texans offense ranks near the bottom of the league in almost every statistical category, and Osweiler is regressing as the year goes on. He has four interceptions and just one passing touchdown over his last two games, and has yet to throw for more than 270 yards in any game this season. There's certainly risk, even against the Texans , in starting the Packers defense. But if there was ever a "get-right" game for the Green and Gold, this is it. New Orleans Saints D/ST (2.9 percent owned) vs. Detroit Lions Every game, all season
The Saints defense was (deservedly) a punching bag for much of the 2016 season as offenses rountinely waltzed through this unit. However, they've patched up some of the cracks, unearthed a pass rush, and started accumulating fantasy points in recent weeks. Since Week 8, the Saints have finished as a top-12 defense four times in five attempts, and could make it five of six when the Lions come to the Superdome in Week 13. The Lions are 3-1 in their last four games, but the offense has averaged just 16 points per game (a couple defensive touchdowns have helped secure wins). Matthew Stafford has just four touchdowns and one interception in that span, and has been sacked seven times. The Saints defense has 12 sacks and eight turnovers over the last month, and could be ready to take advantage of a sputtering Lions offense in front of a raucous home crowd. 
-- Follow Alex on Twitter @AlexGelhar 
NUEVOTEXTO
There’s a new Xbox in town and it arrives at a time when [entity display="Sony" type="organization" subtype="company" active="true" activated="true" deactivated="false" key="sony" natural_id="fred/company/4017"]Sony[/entity] is also refreshing and expanding the PlayStation 4 lineup giving you a choice of three models . So how does the ‘Xbox One S’ differ from the original Xbox One and should you upgrade? Let’s take a look... Note: for Sony fans you can read my guide to the differences between the PS4 Pro, PS4 Slim and PS4 Design & Connectivity Perhaps the most striking aspect to the Xbox One S is its design. [entity display="Microsoft" type="organization" subtype="company" active="true" activated="true" deactivated="false" key="microsoft" ticker="MSFT" exchange="NASDAQ" natural_id="fred/company/2854"]Microsoft[/entity] has done a superb job of repackaging the Xbox One into a far more compact and attractive chassis that is nearly 40% smaller. [caption id="attachment_17154" align="" width="1200"] The Xbox One S is significantly smaller than the original Xbox One. Image credit Microsoft[/caption] Xbox One - 333 x 276mm x 78mm (13.1 x 10.8 x 3.1 in) and 3.5 Kg (7.8 lbs) t Xbox One S - 295 x 230 x 64mm (11.6 x 9.0 x 2.5 in) and 2.9 kg (6.4 lbs) Perhaps most impressive of all, however, is the Xbox One S now has the power supply built in. Given the original Xbox One had a huge, bulky power supply this is a major step forward - especially given the PS4’s built in power supply was always a selling point for Sony. It may be superficial but Microsoft has also done a fine job with the finish, switching from the patchwork black of the Xbox One to a white finish with black accents that’s straight out of stormtrooper design school. It can also stand vertically and this combination of flexibility and compactness make it a much better fit for the living room. [caption id="attachment_17161" align="" width="1200"] The Xbox One S can sit horizontally or stand vertically. Image credit Microsoft[/caption] It’s not all about style though as you’ll get better connectivity with the Xbox One S as well: Xbox One - 3x USB 3.0, 1x HDMI 1.4, 1x Kinect, 802.11a/b/g/n Wi-Fi, Ethernet t Xbox One S - 3x USB 3.0, 1x HDMI 2.0, 802.11a/b/g/n/ac Wi-Fi, Ethernet, Bluetooth 4.0, Built-in IR blaster Yes Kinect fans will have to deal with the (predictable) loss of a dedicated Kinect port which all but signals the sad end of this one promising technology. But in its place you’ll get upgraded AC wireless, an IR blaster and Bluetooth 4.0 which is key to its new controllers that have a new textured grip, exchangeable covers and improved range. [caption id="attachment_17156" align="" width="780"] The new Xbox One S controller. Image credit Microsoft[/caption] Performance For all the design improvements in the Xbox One S, however, you’ll find there is very little change to its actual performance: Xbox One - CPU: 1.75GHz 8-core AMD Jaguar, GPU: 1.31 TFLOP AMD Radeon, 8GB DDR3 RAM t Xbox One S - CPU: 1.75GHz 8-core AMD Jaguar, GPU: 1.4 TFLOP AMD Radeon, 8GB DDR3 But these minor tweaks add up. The small CPU clock upgrade combined with HDMI 2.0 support delivers two positive effects: 1. There is now support for 4K upscaling and 2. Support has been added for High Dynamic Range (HDR). [caption id="attachment_17162" align="" width="1200"] The original Xbox One may have bundled Kinect, but the Xbox One S provides more real world home entertainment fireworks. Image credit Microsoft[/caption] To be clear, this isn’t a true 4K gaming setup - 1080p games are just upscaled to 4K - but results are still impressive and the addition of HDR keeps pace with the PS4 range which has added support across the lineup via a firmware update. The bad news: Microsoft isn’t adding HDR to the original Xbox One. And the Xbox One S has another major advantage up its sleeve over both its predecessor and the competition: Microsoft has fitted an Ultra HD (4K) Blu-ray player. Given Sony neglected to offer this in either the PS4 Slim or even the more powerful (and more expensive) PS4 Pro while the Xbox One S retails for less than a standalone Ultra HD Blu-ray player, for some this could be a deal maker. Particularly in combination with the handy IR blaster which lets you programme your Xbox One S controllers to work with all your home cinema equipment. [caption id="attachment_17159" align="" width="800"] Xbox One S adds a very handy IR Blaster. Image credit Microsoft[/caption] Storage & Price So what premium do you pay for all these upgrades? Not a lot: Xbox One - from $249 (500GB, 1TB HDD) t Xbox One S - from $299 (500GB, 1TB and 2TB limited edition HDD) Of particular interest was Microsoft’s 2TB launch edition of the Xbox One S, but the company insists it was a limited edition and will not be replaced. Cuts to Xbox One pricing are expected soon (they have already taken place in the UK), but unless your budget is very tight the Xbox One S is clearly the better and more refined option. [caption id="attachment_17155" align="" width="1200"] For Xbox fans, the biggest challenge to the Xbox One S may be Microsoft's own impending 'Project Scorpio'. Image credit Microsoft[/caption] Bottom Line Microsoft may not have overhauled the performance of the Xbox One with the Xbox One S, but it has otherwise addressed almost every shortcoming or ageing aspect to the original console. Highlights are the smaller design and integrated power supply but the real headline is the inclusion of an Ultra HD Blu-ray drive that truly differentiates it from the competition. In fact the only fly in the ointment for Xbox fans is Microsoft has even bigger plans for 2017 with the arrival of ‘Project Scorpio’ - a true 4K console designed to outgun Sony’s recently released PS4 Pro. Hardcore gamers will want to wait for that, but if you haven’t yet bought an Xbox and are most interested in its media capabilities then the Xbox One S is a no brainer. ___ Follow Gordon on Twitter , Facebook and Google+ More On Forbes PS4 Pro Vs PS4 Slim Vs PS4: What's The Difference? Microsoft 'Ends' Windows 7 And Windows 8 Pixel Vs Pixel XL Review: Should You Upgrade? Apple iOS 10 Has 25 Great Secret Features iPhone 7 Vs iPhone 7 Plus Review: Should You Upgrade? [gallery2012]
NUEVOTEXTO
Close Image 1 of 12 Mike Evans displays the form that has enabled the former Galveston Ball and Texas A&M star to catch 142 passes for 2,257 yards in two years in Tampa Bay. Mike Evans displays the form that has enabled the former Galveston Ball and Texas A&M star to catch 142 passes for 2,257 yards in two years in Tampa Bay. Photo: Brian Kersey, Stringer Image 2 of 12 TAMPA, FL - SEPTEMBER 13: Wide receiver Mike Evans #13 of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers stands on the sidelines against the Tennessee Titans at Raymond James Stadium on September 13, 2015 in Tampa, Florida. (Photo by Cliff McBride/Getty Images) less TAMPA, FL - SEPTEMBER 13: Wide receiver Mike Evans #13 of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers stands on the sidelines against the Tennessee Titans at Raymond James Stadium on September 13, 2015 in Tampa, Florida. (Photo ... more Photo: Cliff McBride, Stringer Image 3 of 12 14. Mike Evans, WR, Tampa Bay He was a first-round pick in 2014, a third-year sophomore who had 68 catches for 1,051 yards and 12 touchdowns. At 6-5, he’s a big-time target. He got off to a slow start this season because of an injury and has 24 receptions for 386 yards and one touchdown. less 14. Mike Evans, WR, Tampa Bay He was a first-round pick in 2014, a third-year sophomore who had 68 catches for 1,051 yards and 12 touchdowns. At 6-5, he’s a big-time target. He got off to a slow start ... more Photo: Brett Coomer, Houston Chronicle Image 4 of 12 CHICAGO, IL - NOVEMBER 23: Wide receiver Mike Evans #13 of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers stands on the field during warmups before the NFL game against the Chicago Bears on November 23, 2014 at Soldier Field in Chicago, Illinois. The Bears defeated the Buccaneers 21-13. (Photo by Brian Kersey/Getty Images) less CHICAGO, IL - NOVEMBER 23: Wide receiver Mike Evans #13 of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers stands on the field during warmups before the NFL game against the Chicago Bears on November 23, 2014 at Soldier Field in ... more Photo: Brian Kersey, Stringer Image 5 of 12 JACKSONVILLE, FL - AUGUST 08: Mike Evans #13 of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers warms up prior to the preseason game against the Jacksonville Jaguars at Everbank Field on August 8, 2014 in Jacksonville, Florida. (Photo by Rob Foldy/Getty Images) less JACKSONVILLE, FL - AUGUST 08: Mike Evans #13 of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers warms up prior to the preseason game against the Jacksonville Jaguars at Everbank Field on August 8, 2014 in Jacksonville, Florida. ... more Photo: Rob Foldy, Contributor Image 6 of 12 FILE - In this Monday, Aug. 3, 2015 file photo, Tampa Bay Buccaneers wide receiver Mike Evans runs with the football after a reception during a Buccaneers NFL football training camp practice in Tampa, Fla. Injured Tampa Bay receiver Mike Evans hopes to return to the lineup Sunday, Sept. 20, 2015 against NFC South rival New Orleans. The second-year pro who's one of Jameis Winston's top targets has been sidelined since the middle of August with a sore right hamstring. (AP Photo/Chris O'Meara, File) less FILE - In this Monday, Aug. 3, 2015 file photo, Tampa Bay Buccaneers wide receiver Mike Evans runs with the football after a reception during a Buccaneers NFL football training camp practice in Tampa, Fla. ... more Photo: Chris O'Meara, STF Image 7 of 12 NFC SOUTH Buccaneers draft class -- First round: Mike Evans, WR, Texas A&M (7th overall). Second round: Austin Seferian-Jenkins, TE, Washington (38th overall). Third round: Charles Sims, RB, West Virginia (69th overall). Fifth round: Kadeem Edwards, G, Tennessee State (143rd overall), Kevin Pamphile, OT, Purdue (149th overall). Sixth round: Robert Herron, WR, Wyoming (185th overall). As a third-year sophomore, it might take Evans a while to develop, but he’s got big-time talent. Seferian-Jenkins is a good target. Sims can help as a runner and receiver. Grade: B less NFC SOUTH Buccaneers draft class -- First round: Mike Evans, WR, Texas A&M (7th overall). Second round: Austin Seferian-Jenkins, TE, Washington (38th overall). Third round: Charles Sims, RB, West Virginia Photo: Chris O'Meara, Associated Press Image 8 of 12 #28. Tampa Bay Buccaneers (2-8) Last week: #31 Mike Evans of Texas A&M is the first rookie receiver since Randy Moss to compile three consecutive games of at least 100 yards and two touchdowns. #28. Tampa Bay Buccaneers (2-8) Last week: #31 Mike Evans of Texas A&M is the first rookie receiver since Randy Moss to compile three consecutive games of at least 100 yards and two touchdowns. Photo: Alex Brandon, Associated Press Image 9 of 12 Mike Evans, wide receiver, Texas A&M, runs a drill with youths during the NFL Play 60 Youth Football Festival at Chelsea Waterside Park Wednesday, May 7, 2014, in New York. NFL Draft prospects participated in a football clinic with 80 local children, many of whom were impacted by a recent gas explosion in their Harlem community. less Mike Evans, wide receiver, Texas A&M, runs a drill with youths during the NFL Play 60 Youth Football Festival at Chelsea Waterside Park Wednesday, May 7, 2014, in New York. NFL Draft prospects participated in a ... more Photo: Brett Coomer, Houston Chronicle Image 10 of 12 Texas A&M wide receiver Mike Evans can't make a catch in the end zone during the fourth quarter. Texas A&M wide receiver Mike Evans can't make a catch in the end zone during the fourth quarter. Photo: Cody Duty, Houston Chronicle Image 11 of 12 7. Tampa Bay: Mike Evans, WR, Texas A&M. This third-year sophomore is a huge target who fills a desperate need. Mock 3: Evans. 7. Tampa Bay: Mike Evans, WR, Texas A&M. This third-year sophomore is a huge target who fills a desperate need. Mock 3: Evans. Photo: Wesley Hitt, Getty Images Image 12 of 12 NFL star Mike Evans kneels during anthem to protest Donald Trump 1 / 12 Back to Gallery 
Tampa Bay Buccaneers receiver Mike Evans, who starred at Texas A&M and Galveston Ball High School, took a knee during the National Anthem before Sunday's game, but he didn't do it for the same reason as some other players in the NFL. 
Evans explained after the game that he kneeled during the anthem for the first time this season because Donald Trump has been elected president. 
"If [Trump being elected] happens, then America's not right right now," Evans said. "I said this a long time ago. When [Donald Trump] ran, I thought it was a joke, and the joke continues. 
"I'm not a political person that much, but I got common sense. And I know when something's not right." 
Evans said he was heckled a bit by some of his hometown fans during Tampa Bay's 36-10 win over the Bears at home, but that he didn't mean any disrespect to veterans. 
"I don't want to, you know, disrespect the veterans or anything," Evans said. "The men and women who serve this country, I'm forever indebted to them. But the things that's been going on in America lately, I'm not going to stand for that. When Ashton Kutcher comes out and says we've been punked, then I'll stand again. But I won't stand anymore." 
Evans said he would continue to kneel during the anthem "as long as [Trump's] the president-elect."
NUEVOTEXTO
10 takeaways from Sunday’s Week 10 NFL action Sportsnaut 6 hrs ago Vincent Frank
© Charles LeClaire-USA TODAY Sports Nov 13, 2016; Pittsburgh, PA, USA; Dallas Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott (21) scores on a fourteen yard touchdown run past Pittsburgh Steelers free safety Mike Mitchell (23) during the fourth quarter at Heinz Field. Dallas won 35-30. We needed a Sunday of NFL football like this. We needed to get away from what was happening. And boy, did the league not disappoint here.
Wacky endings were the name of the game in New Orleans, Carolina, Pittsburgh and San Diego as the road teams came away with huge wins in each affair. Meanwhile, in Nashville, Super Mario and Co. absolutely took it to the Green Bay Packers.
A Sunday that defined what we loved about this grand old game of football culminated in a highly-anticipated Super Bowl rematch between the Seattle Seahawks and New England Patriots at Gillette Stadium. In the end, we saw a very familiar late-game situation play out, only with Patriots on the 4th-and-1 side of things.
These are among the top 10 takeaways from Sunday’s Week 10 NFL action.
© Jim Rogash/Getty Images Seahawks receiver Doug Baldwin celebrates with quarterback Russell Wilson after catching a touchdown pass during the second quarter Sunday. 1. Statement win for the Seahawks in New England
The Seattle Seahawks had to travel from the west coast to back east on a short week. They had to do so preparing to take on a red-hot New England Patriots team that was coming off a bye.
Pretty much everything seemed to point in the direction of Seattle being blown out in front of a national audience on Sunday night.
Instead, Pete Carroll’s squad didn’t use any of this as an excuse. It went into Gillette Stadium and defeated the Patriots by the score of 31-24.
It was a tremendous overall performance from the Seahawks. Showing no real sign of the injuries that had plagued him earlier in the season, Russell Wilson played a great game. He was as mobile as we’ve seen in the past, displayed plus-level accuracy and led his Seahawks to 31 points in the huge win. All said, Wilson completed 25-of-37 passes for 348 yards with three touchdowns and zero interceptions. All three touchdowns went to Doug Baldwin.
Though, it was Seattle’s defense that stood up when it counted the most. With New England driving for potentially the game-tying touchdown, the Seahawks held Tom Brady and Co. out of the end zone on four plays from the two-yard line.
First, it was Kam Chancellor sticking his nose in there to stop LeGarrette Blount from reaching across the goal line. Then, on fourth down, a fade to Rob Gronkowski fell incomplete to preserve a Seahawks win.
Now at 6-2-1, Seattle has overcome early-season struggles to take a commanding lead in the NFC West. It is also now second in the conference behind the Dallas Cowboys.
© Mark Zaleski/AP Photo Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers walks off the field after Green Bay was forced to punt against the Titans in the second half Sunday. 2. The Green Bay Packers are an utter mess
We can talk about the struggles of Green Bay’s offense until we’re blue in the face. That’s been the bread and butter of the team’s success dating back over two decades. That’s fine and dandy. In Green Bay, we know very well the focus is going to be on the quarterback. It’s in this that the normally electric Aaron Rodgers has struggled.
The former NFL MVP threw two more interceptions and led the team to a substandard 4-of-14 conversion rate on third downs. That’s not necessarily a recipe for success. Though, it was the Packers’ defense that absolutely laid an egg in the team’s 47-25 loss to the Tennessee Titans.
From the get go, it was an absolutely disastrous performance from this unit. It started with this 75-yard touchdown run from DeMarco Murray and snowballed from there. Tennessee racked up nearly 250 total yards and three touchdowns en route to taking a 21-0 lead before Green Bay could even get on the scoreboard. Talk about failing to put your team in a position to win.
When all was said and done, the Titans put up 446 total yards and scored touchdowns on their first four possessions en route to scoring five first-half touchdowns. One ridiculous score from Murray to Delanie Walker pretty much summed up the Packers’ defensive effort on Sunday ( watch here ).
Now at 4-5 on the season, Green Bay is facing the real possibility of falling completely out of the NFC Playoff picture heading into Week 11.
With games coming up on the road against the Washington Redskins and Philadelphia Eagles, Green Bay needs to find a way to reverse course here soon. Should that not happen, there will surely be questions about Mike McCarthy’s job status and the overall direction of the franchise.
© Rob Carr/Getty Images Vikings quarterback Sam Bradford is sacked by Redskins outside linebacker Preston Smith (94) in the fourth quarter at FedExField. 3. So are the Minnesota Vikings
Following their loss to the Washington Redskins on Sunday, the Vikings are now just the third team in NFL history to lose four consecutive after starting a season 5-0. That’s how bad it’s gotten for Mike Zimmer’s squad. And in reality, using Norv Turner as a full guy here doesn’t look so awesome in retrospect.
More than anything, it’s a lack of ingenuity on offense that’s led to this ridiculous downfall for the Vikes. Sure, Sam Bradford completed 31-of-40 passes for over 300 yards. That will look great on his stat card. However, it was the team’s offense that put Minnesota down early.
Here’s a unit that put up a grand total of 42 yards in its first three possessions en route to helping the Washington Redskins put up an early 14-0 lead.
Not to be outdone, the previously dominant Vikings defense was torched early by Kirk Cousins. The Skins’ offense put up two consecutive touchdown scoring drives to open the game, both going for 68-plus yards.
And when it looked like Minnesota might be rounding into form after putting up 20 second quarter points, it was time for Sam Bradford to make his one major mistake of the game.
The embattled quarterback was picked off by Skins edge rusher Preston Smith with the Vikings driving and down by just three points more than midway through the final quarter. Washington would tack on a field goal to win going away by the score of 26-20.
Minnesota might be a talented team. There’s a ton of high-upside youngsters on both sides of the ball. But you can’t win consistently in the NFL with all three facets of the team making dumb mistakes and failing to live up to their end of the bargain. In the end, this cost Minnesota big time on Sunday. And it could eventually cost the team a playoff spot.
© Charles LeClaire-USA TODAY Sports Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott looks to pass against the Steelers during the second quarter at Heinz Field. 4. Young guns lead Cowboys to eighth consecutive win
If there was any doubting whether the Dallas Cowboys were real, we can put that to rest right now. In a season that’s been full of astonishing performances from first-year quarterback Dak Prescott and fellow rookie Ezekiel Elliott, the two took that to a completely different level Sunday in Pittsburgh.
It’s almost impossible to explain what Dallas did while giving you all the full context. But here goes.
Down 24-23 with under eight minutes remaining, Prescott led the Cowboys on a 10-play, 75-yard scoring drive that culminated in an Elliott 14-yard touchdown to give Dallas the lead.
Following a failed two-point conversion attempt, one of six failed opportunities by the two sides, Pittsburgh then took over with a chance to seemingly win the game.
And in just the matter of 1:13, it looked like the Steelers did just that. Ben Roethlisberger pulled off his best Dan Marino impersonation on a fake spike to hit Antonio Brown for what many considered to be the game-winning 15-yard touchdown ( watch here ).
There was no way Dallas could come back and get into field goal range with just 42 seconds left, right? Well, half right. Prescott completed 3-of-4 passes to start the final drive before a dumb face-mask penalty was called on rookie Steelers defensive back Sean Davis. This put Dallas into field-goal range for Dan Bailey.
In an attempt to get a couple extra yards, Dallas ran the ball up the middle with Elliott, who proceeded to take it to the house from 32 yards out for the win ( watch here ).
Legends were made on the football field in Pittsburgh on Sunday. Rookies stepped up and brought their team to an eighth consecutive win, the first time a Dallas team has accomplished this feat since 1977.
For his part, Elliott finished the day with 209 total yards and three touchdowns, including this pass and catch for 83 yards in the first half. Now, through the first nine games of his rookie season, the No. 4 overall pick from Ohio State has tallied 1,255 total yards and is on pace to break Eric Dickerson’s rookie rushing mark. It’s an accomplishment he touched on prior to the season . It’s also a goal few took seriously.
While he might get overshadowed by Elliott following Sunday’s stunning performance, Prescott has clearly done enough to retain his starting job when Romo returns to the field, presumably next week. He completed 22-of-32 passes for 319 yards with two touchdowns and zero picks. This means that Prescott has now tallied 18 touchdowns compared to two picks in his first nine NFL starts.
More than their individual accomplishments, these rookies stepped up big time when the Cowboys needed it the most. Following an early-afternoon slate that saw both Philadelphia and Washington come out on top, Dallas maintained its clear lead in the NFC East. If one of these two youngsters had failed to step up, that wouldn’t have been the case.
© Sean M. Haffey/Getty Images Chargers quarterback Philip Rivers looks on after an interception during the second half at Qualcomm Stadium. 5. Chargers find a way to blow it again
San Diego had an opportunity to pick up some ground on the idle Oakland Raiders while keeping pace with both Kansas City and Denver in the AFC West. And in true Chargers fashion, the team failed at every turn.
Heading into Sunday’s game, San Diego had won three of four. That doesn’t seem like a major improvement from the past year-plus. But we have to put this into context for a second. All three of those wins were by one score. This came on the heels of the Chargers boasting a 3-13 record in one-score games dating back to the start of last season.
Unfortunately, this inability to win close games came rearing its ugly head again Sunday against the Miami Dolphins. With the game tied at 24 and just over a minute left, Chargers quarterback Philip Rivers made a rookie mistake.
He threw the ball to the left hash without looking off the receiver. It was one read and toss. Dolphins linebacker Kiko Alonso made a play on the ball, not the receiver. The end result was a 60-yard interception return for a touchdown to give Miami the win ( watch here ).
It was a rookie mistake at a time when a veteran such as Rivers simply can’t drop the ball like that. To make matters even more disturbing for the Chargers, it came on first-and-10 and about eight yards from being in field goal range for the win.
At 4-6 on the season, San Diego can pretty much call it a night on the team’s playoff aspirations. It is 3.5 games behind both Oakland and Kansas City and a full three games behind Denver in the AFC West. Ouch!
© Bob Donnan-USA TODAY Sports Chiefs cornerback Marcus Peters breaks up a pass intended for Panthers wide receiver Ted Ginn in the first quarter at Bank of America Stadium. 6. Huge win for the Kansas City Chiefs
The Chiefs have Marcus Peters and his elite-level ball-hawking ability to thank for this win. In reality, Kansas City had absolutely no business beating Cam Newton and the Carolina Panthers in Charlotte on Sunday.
Newton himself put on a dazzling early-game performance as it looked like Carolina was going to continue righting the ship with a third consecutive win. Meanwhile, Alex Smith looked all sorts of uncomfortable without top receiver Jeremy Maclin on the field.
All this led to a 17-3 Carolina advantage heading into the final quarter. That’s when things changed for both squads. Waking up for the first time all game, Kansas City put up 17 unanswered points to come away with a shocking 20-17 win.
It started with an amazing pick-six by reigning NFL Comeback Player of the Year winner Eric Berry, who intercepted a Newton pass and returned it 42 yards for the score ( watch here ).
Then after Kansas City tied it up on a Cairo Santos field goal with just over three minutes remaining, it looked like Carolina was going to drive for the game-winning score.
Much like what we saw in New Orleans at about the same time, shock took over the fan base in Charlotte. Known for his turnover-creating ability, Peters legitimately stripped the ball from Kelvin Benjamin at the 34-yard-line, returning to the Panthers’ 20 and setting up the game-winning field goal ( watch here ).
It really is a tale of two teams. One going in the right direction, and the other failing to capitalize on last year’s historical run. Kansas City now finds itself with a 7-2 mark and tied with the Oakland Raiders for first in the AFC West.
Meanwhile, Newton and the Panthers are licking their wounds after yet another disastrous loss. Carolina finds itself with a 3-6 mark and pretty much completely out of the NFC Playoff race. Such is the nature of the beast in a sport where a couple plays can dictate the outcome of a game, and in all honesty, the outcome of a season.
© Chuck Cook-USA TODAY Sports Saints quarterback Drew Brees on the bench during the game against the Broncos in the second half at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome. 7. Crazy ending in the Bayou
This was absolutely absurd. Crazy in the way you have to watch it about 10 times before understanding that it actually happened. After Drew Brees hit Brandin Cooks for what was seemingly a game-winning touchdown with just over one minute left, all the New Orleans Saints needed to do was kick the extra point for the win.
Then, this happened.
After review, the call of the field stands.
Leap the line.
Block the extra point.
Take the lead.
Wow. #DENvsNO https://t.co/yX5QdVQ2Bn
— NFL (@NFL) November 13, 2016 Yes folks, Denver blocked the extra-point attempt and returned it the distance for two points and the win. No, really. This actually happened ( full details here ).
It’s a heck of a way for the Saints to lose in front of their home crowd. They entered Sunday’s action having won four of five after an 0-3 start to the season. Now, instead of being firmly entrenched in the playoff race, Sean Payton’s squad finds itself tied with Tampa Bay in third place in the NFC South and behind a whole host of teams for one of the two wild card spots in the NFC.
On the other hand, this was a much-needed miracle for a Broncos squad that headed into Week 10 coming off a disheartening Sunday night performance against the division-rival Oakland Raiders. By virtue of Oakland’s bye and the Kansas City Chiefs’ win, Denver find itself just a half game out of first place in the AFC West.
© Matt Kartozian-USA TODAY Sports 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick runs the ball during the first half against the Cardinals at University of Phoenix Stadium. 8. Could Kaepernick actually be the answer in San Francisco?
It sounds absurd. The San Francisco 49ers are now in the midst of an eight-game losing streak after dropping a hotly-contested affair against the Arizona Cardinals on Sunday. How can a team that’s lost eight in a row possibly boast a quarterback that might be its long-term answer?
Well, it’s rather simple. San Francisco doesn’t have a single quarterback outside of Kaepernick that boasts any type of upside. We saw what Blaine Gabbert brought to the table, and it was about as ugly as it gets. We also know what Christian Ponder is. At the very least, Kaepernick is giving San Francisco’s offense some signs of life.
A week after Kaepernick put up 421 total yards against the New Orleans Saints, he actually performed extremely well against the league’s top pass defense in the desert on Sunday. Playing mistake-free football and working within the confines of Chip Kelly’s system, Kap put up 265 total yards and accounted for both of San Francisco’s touchdowns in a narrow 23-20 loss.
At this point, winning games will probably act as a detriment to the 49ers. They’re going to want to head into the offseason with the highest possible first-round pick. In the process, we’re pretty sure San Francisco wants to find out what it has at multiple positions on both sides of the ball.
Likely picking in the top two next spring, the obvious target will likely be a quarterback. But with seven more games left to prove his worth, Kaepernick has an opportunity to show a skeptical organization that he might be that answer. If the last two games are any indication, he could be on the verge of doing just that.
© Robert Deutsch-USA TODAY Sports Rams quarterback Jared Goff warms up before Sunday's game against the Jets at MetLife Stadium. 9. Jared Goff time in Los Angeles?
Immediately prior to their game against the New York Jets on Sunday, reports came out that the Los Angeles Rams were considering Jared Goff as the team’s starter as early as Week 11. We have no idea if their win over the Jets changes this.
Sure the Rams found a way to win their fourth game of the season and break a month-long losing streak. They also did this in the form of an ugly 9-6 win over the Jets. It’s a game that saw embattled starter Case Keenum complete 17-of-30 passes for 165 yards en route to leading the Rams to 10 points or less for the fifth time this season.
Unfortunately for those of us who want to see the rookie No. 1 pick actually see time here soon, the Rams now find themselves at 4-5 and somewhat alive in the NFC Playoff hopes. Could that play into Jeff Fisher’s decision moving forward? A false hope of remaining relevant in the playoff race leading to him refusing to give his team the best chance to win? Based on Fisher’s checkered history, this is a real possibility.
© Mike Ehrmann/Getty Images Texans quarterback Brock Osweiler calls a play against the Jaguars at EverBank Field. 10. Texans continue to win despite getting nothing at quarterback
In his previous two games leading up to Sunday’s outing against the Jacksonville Jaguars, struggling Houston Texans signal caller Brock Osweiler combined for 317 yards on 70 pass attempts. Yes, that’s an average of 4.5 yards per attempt.
To put this into perspective, Dallas Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott concluded Sunday’s action averaging over five yards per attempt on the season.
It didn’t get any better for Osweiler against a substandard Jacksonville Jaguars team on Sunday. The much-maligned quarterback completed 14-of-27 passes for 99 yards. That’s 3.7 yards per attempt. Also, that’s pretty darn hard to do in today’s NFL.
Despite this, Houston found a way to defeat the Jaguars by the score of 24-21. It’s the Texans sixth win on the season, as the team looks like a near lock to win the AFC South.
We can talk about Osweiler’s stats and find a way to indicate Houston is winning in spite of him. That’s fine. And that’s probably true. But it’s also important to note that he threw two touchdowns without an interception.
On the other side, Jaguars signal caller Blake Bortles threw an early pick-six, which pretty much was the difference in the game ( watch here ).
The main question we have to ask here moving forward is whether Osweiler can be a game manager. After all, the did throw nine picks in the first eight games. If Sunday’s mistake-free performance is any indication, maybe he has turned the corner.
It won’t be enough for the naysayers to stop pointing to the massive contract the former Broncos quarterback signed. That’s fine. But it could be enough to propel Houston to conference title contention.
Go to MSN Home
NUEVOTEXTO
  Raiders' Derek Carr returns after finger injury Derek Carr sustained the injury on a fumbled snap in second half. Post to Facebook Raiders' Derek Carr returns after finger injury Derek Carr sustained the injury on a fumbled snap in second half.  //usat.ly/2g8220J   Join the Nation's Conversation To   Raiders' Derek Carr returns after finger injury USA TODAY Sports 6:40 p.m.   Oakland Raiders quarterback Derek Carr (4) scans the defense before taking the snap against the Carolina Panthers during the first half at Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum. (Photo: Kirby Lee, USA TODAY Sports) 
Oakland Raiders quarterback Derek Carr returned to Sunday's game against the Carolina Panthers after suffering a right pinkie finger injury. 
Carr sustained the injury on a fumbled snap early in the third quarter. He went to the locker room for further evaluation. 
Matt McGloin replaced him at quarterback on the ensuing series, but Carr returned later in the third quarter with a glove on his throwing hand. 
Carr had completed 15 of 20 passes for 176 yards and one touchdown before exiting. 
PHOTOS: Best of NFL Week 12 Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. The Raiders' Khalil Mack (52) celebrates after scoring a touchdown on an interception against the Panthers. Kirby Lee, USA TODAY Sports Raiders wide receiver Seth Roberts (10) celebrates his touchdown against the Panthers. Kirby Lee, USA TODAY Sports Raiders wide receiver Seth Roberts (10) scores a touchdown against the Panthers. Kirby Lee, USA TODAY Sports Jets wide receiver Brandon Marshall (15) catches a touchdown pass in front of Patriots cornerback Malcolm Butler (21). Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Sports Jets wide receiver Brandon Marshall (15) reaches for a pass in front of Patriots safety Devin McCourty (32). Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY Sports Buccaneers quarterback Jameis Winston (3) scrambles away from Seahawks cornerback DeShawn Shead (35) during the first quarter. Kim Klement, USA TODAY Sports Buccaneers running back Doug Martin (22) runs the ball around Seahawks linebacker Bobby Wagner (54) during the first quarter. Reinhold Matay, USA TODAY Sports Buccaneers defensive end Ryan Russell (96) sacks Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson (3) during the first half. Kim Klement, USA TODAY Sports New Orleans Saints quarterback Drew Brees (9) dives for a short touchdown in the second quarter against the Los Angeles Rams at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome. Chuck Cook, USA TODAY Sports New York Giants wide receiver Odell Beckham (13) gets hit by Cleveland Browns defensive back Marcus Burley (26) as he runs the ball into the endzone for a touchdown during the second quarter at FirstEnergy Stadium. Scott Galvin, USA TODAY Sports Buffalo Bills running back LeSean McCoy (25) celebrates with wide receiver Marquise Goodwin (88) after scoring a touchdown during the first half against the Jacksonville Jaguars at New Era Field. Kevin Hoffman, USA TODAY Sports New York Giants defensive end Jason Pierre-Paul (90) sacks Cleveland Browns quarterback Josh McCown (13) during the first half at FirstEnergy Stadium. Ken Blaze, USA TODAY Sports Houston Texans quarterback Brock Osweiler (17) dives for a touchdown against the San Diego Chargers in the second quarter at NRG Stadium. Thomas Shea, USA TODAY Sports Tennessee Titans wide receiver Rishard Matthews (18) catches a 29 yard touchdown pass over Chicago Bears free safety Adrian Amos (38) during the second quarter at Soldier Field. Dennis Wierzbicki, USA TODAY Sports Arizona Cardinals wide receiver Larry Fitzgerald (11) makes a one handed catch against Atlanta Falcons cornerback Brian Poole (34) in the first quarter of their game at the Georgia Dome. Jason Getz, USA TODAY Sports Baltimore Ravens wide receiver Mike Wallace (17) celebrates after wide receiver Breshad Perriman (18) catches a touchdown in the first quarter against the Cincinnati Bengals at M&T Bank Stadium. Evan Habeeb, USA TODAY Sports New Orleans Saints wide receiver Brandon Coleman (16) gestures after a touchdown catch against the Los Angeles Rams in the first quarter of the game at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome. Chuck Cook, USA TODAY Sports Houston Texans outside linebacker Whitney Mercilus (59) celebrates after a play during the first quarter against the San Diego Chargers at NRG Stadium. Troy Taormina, USA TODAY Sports Chicago Bears running back Jordan Howard (24) rushes the ball against Tennessee Titans outside linebacker Brian Orakpo (98) during the first half at Soldier Field. Mike Dinovo, USA TODAY Sports Tennessee Titans running back DeMarco Murray (29) leaps over Chicago Bears cornerback Cre'von LeBlanc (22) during the first half at Soldier Field. Mike Dinovo, USA TODAY Sports Arizona Cardinals wide receiver Larry Fitzgerald (11) makes a catch behind Atlanta Falcons cornerback Brian Poole (34) during the first quarter at the Georgia Dome. Dale Zanine, USA TODAY Sports Atlanta Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan (2) passes over Arizona Cardinals outside linebacker Chandler Jones (55) during the first quarter at the Georgia Dome. Dale Zanine, USA TODAY Sports Cincinnati Bengals quarterback Andy Dalton (14) chased out of bounds by Baltimore Ravens linebacker Albert McClellan (50) at M&T Bank Stadium. Mitch Stringer, USA TODAY Sports Buffalo Bills free safety Corey Graham (20) tackles Jacksonville Jaguars running back Chris Ivory (33) during the first quarter at New Era Field. Kevin Hoffman, USA TODAY Sports Buffalo Bills quarterback Tyrod Taylor (5) chased by Jacksonville Jaguars defensive end Yannick Ngakoue (91) in the back field during the first quarter at New Era Field. Kevin Hoffman, USA TODAY Sports Los Angeles Rams quarterback Jared Goff (16) throws as New Orleans Saints defensive tackle Nick Fairley (90) pressures during the first quarter of a game at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome. Derick E. Hingle, USA TODAY Sports Cleveland Browns special teams tackle New York Giants running back Bobby Rainey (43) during a punt return during the first quarter at FirstEnergy Stadium. Scott Galvin, USA TODAY Sports Cleveland Browns cornerback Joe Haden (23) breaks up a pass intended for New York Giants wide receiver Odell Beckham (13) during the first quarter at FirstEnergy Stadium. Ken Blaze, USA TODAY Sports San Diego Chargers quarterback Philip Rivers (17) hands the ball off to running back Melvin Gordon (28) against the Houston Texans in the first quarter at NRG Stadium. Thomas Shea, USA TODAY Sports San Francisco 49ers running back Carlos Hyde (28) runs past Miami Dolphins defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh (93) during the first half at Hard Rock Stadium. Steve Mitchell, USA TODAY Sports Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Antonio Brown (84) runs the ball in the first half of the game against the Indianapolis Colts at Lucas Oil Stadium. Trevor Ruszkowski, USA TODAY Sports Dallas Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott (21) and quarterback Dak Prescott (4) celebrate Elliott's touchdown against the Washington Redskins during the second half at AT&T Stadium. Jerome Miron, USA TODAY Sports Detroit Lions cornerback Darius Slay (23) celebrates after making an interception during the fourth quarter against the Minnesota Vikings at Ford Field. Raj Mehta, USA TODAY Sports Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Antonio Brown (84) catches the ball and is tackled by Indianapolis Colts strong safety Mike Adams (29) in the first half of the game at Lucas Oil Stadium. Trevor Ruszkowski, USA TODAY Sports Washington Redskins tight end Jordan Reed (86) catches a pass as Dallas Cowboys free safety Byron Jones (31) defends during the second half at AT&T Stadium. Jerome Miron, USA TODAY Sports Minnesota Vikings quarterback Sam Bradford (8) throws the ball as Detroit Lions defensive end Devin Taylor (98) pressures during the fourth quarter at Ford Field. Raj Mehta, USA TODAY Sports Indianapolis Colts wide receiver T.Y. Hilton (13) is tackled and knocked out of the game by Pittsburgh Steelers free safety Mike Mitchell (23) in the first half of the game at Lucas Oil Stadium. Trevor Ruszkowski, USA TODAY Sports Dallas Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott (21) scores a touchdown against the Washington Redskins during the first quarter at AT&T Stadium. Jerome Miron, USA TODAY Sports Detroit Lions quarterback Matthew Stafford (9) is sacked by Minnesota Vikings strong safety Andrew Sendejo (34) and defensive end Danielle Hunter (99) during the fourth quarter of a NFL game on Thanksgiving at Ford Field. Tim Fuller, USA TODAY Sports Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Antonio Brown (84) celebrates his second touchdown in the first half of the game against the Indianapolis Colts at Lucas Oil Stadium. Trevor Ruszkowski, USA TODAY Sports Dallas Cowboys wide receiver Terrance Williams (83) catches a touchdown pass against Washington Redskins cornerback Bashaud Breeland (26) in the second quarter at AT&T Stadium. Tim Heitman, USA TODAY Sports Detroit Lions defensive end Ezekiel Ansah (94) and Minnesota Vikings offensive tackle T.J. Clemmings (68) compete during the fourth quarter of a NFL game on Thanksgiving at Ford Field. Tim Fuller, USA TODAY Sports Pittsburgh Steelers wide receiver Antonio Brown (84) catches a second touchdown while Indianapolis Colts cornerback Vontae Davis (21) defends in the first half of the game at Lucas Oil Stadium. Trevor Ruszkowski, USA TODAY Sports Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott (4) stiff arms Washington Redskins strong safety Donte Whitner Sr (39) during the second quarter at AT&T Stadium. Jerome Miron, USA TODAY Sports Detroit Lions running back Theo Riddick (25) celebrates after a run during the second quarter of a NFL game on Thanksgiving against the Minnesota Vikings at Ford Field. Tim Fuller, USA TODAY Sports Indianapolis Colts running back Frank Gore (23) is tackled by Pittsburgh Steelers inside linebacker Lawrence Timmons (94) in the first half of the game at Lucas Oil Stadium. Trevor Ruszkowski, USA TODAY Sports Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott (4) rolls out to pass against the Washington Redskins during the first quarter at AT&T Stadium. Jerome Miron, USA TODAY Sports Minnesota Vikings running back Matt Asiata (44) celebrates after a touchdown during the first quarter against the Detroit Lions at Ford Field. Raj Mehta, USA TODAY Sports Pittsburgh Steelers running back Le'Veon Bell (26) celebrates after scoring a touchdown against the Indianapolis Colts in the first half at Lucas Oil Stadium. Aaron Doster, USA TODAY Sports Washington Redskins quarterback Kirk Cousins (8) throws a pass the first quarter against the Dallas Cowboys at AT&T Stadium. Tim Heitman, USA TODAY Sports Minnesota Vikings tight end Kyle Rudolph (82) gets pushed out of bounds by Detroit Lions cornerback Quandre Diggs (hidden) during the first quarter at Ford Field. Raj Mehta, USA TODAY Sports Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger (7) looks to pass against the Indianapolis Colts in the first half at Lucas Oil Stadium. Aaron Doster, USA TODAY Sports Dallas Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott (21) runs the ball against Washington Redskins inside linebacker Su'a Cravens (36) in the first quarter at AT&T Stadium. Tim Heitman, USA TODAY Sports Detroit Lions defensive end Ezekiel Ansah (94) pressures Minnesota Vikings quarterback Sam Bradford (8) during the first quarter at Ford Field. Raj Mehta, USA TODAY Sports Indianapolis Colts quarterback Scott Tolzien (16) looks to pass against the Pittsburgh Steelers in the first half at Lucas Oil Stadium. Aaron Doster, USA TODAY Sports Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott (4) eludes Washington Redskins outside linebacker Preston Smith (94) for a touchdown during the second half at AT&T Stadium. Jerome Miron, USA TODAY Sports Detroit Lions quarterback Matthew Stafford (9) runs the ball during the first quarter of a NFL game against the Minnesota Vikings on Thanksgiving at Ford Field. Tim Fuller, USA TODAY Sports Washington Redskins tight end Jordan Reed (86) runs the ball against Dallas Cowboys strong safety J.J. Wilcox (27) in the first quarter at AT&T Stadium. Tim Heitman, USA TODAY Sports Detroit Lions running back Theo Riddick (25) runs the ball during the first quarter of a NFL game on Thanksgiving against the Minnesota Vikings at Ford Field. Tim Fuller, USA TODAY Sports Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay
NUEVOTEXTO
Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about Facebook Email Cowboys owner Jerry Jones admits QB situation 'might never be totally sorted out' Cowboys owner says team will now go play by play, series by series, game by game. Post to Facebook Cowboys owner Jerry Jones admits QB situation 'might never be totally sorted out' Cowboys owner says team will now go play by play, series by series, game by game. Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2fd3r5T Cancel Send A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Cowboys owner Jerry Jones admits QB situation 'might never be totally sorted out' A.J. Perez , USA TODAY Sports 10:51 a.m. EST November 8, 2016 x Share The Cowboys are rolling with Dak Prescott, but owner Jerry Jones has said many conflicting things about the Dallas QB situation during the season. USA TODAY Sports Dak Prescott (Photo: Matthew Emmons, USA TODAY Sports) 2 CONNECT 1 COMMENT EMAIL MORE 
Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones admitted what’s become obvious with his quarterback situation. 
“We probably are never going to have this totally sorted out,” Jones told Dallas-area radio station 105.3 The Fan on Tuesday. "We are going to play it by ear. We can do that." 
Veteran quarterback Tony Romo returned to practice as a limited participant over the last two weeks as he recovers from a back injury suffered in the preseason. Meanwhile, rookie quarterback Dak Prescott has complicated the decision-making process for Jones with stellar play that has Dallas off to the best start (7-1) in the NFC. 
“What we are going to do -- play by play, series by series and game by game – is (consider) what’s in the best interest of winning the game,” Jones said. 
Jones didn’t commit to whether Romo would be active for Sunday’s game against the Pittsburgh Steelers. 
“I don’t know about that, but I know he is going to be a lot more active during the week relative to how we are practicing,” Jones said, “That’s his plan and that’s what we are excited about. He will be really stepping that up. He has to absolutely get ready to play at his top level." 
Jones said he expects Romo to challenge for the starting job when he’s healthy, something similar to what Jones said in recent days. Jones has backed off his assertion earlier in the season when he said Romo is “still the No. 1” quarterback. 
“I know how bad he wants to compete,” Jones said. “Any time he’s limited because of injury, I hate that. It's always has been the biggest downer for a competitor. On the other hand, for Tony ,there isn’t anything more important than being on a team the is capable of winning and competing for the big prize.” Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Seahawks safety Earl Thomas (29) celebrates a late fourth-down stop that clinched a win over the Bills. Kirby Lee, USA TODAY Sports Seahawks tight end Jimmy Graham (88) leaps over Bills defender Nickell Robey-Coleman (21) after a first-half catch. Troy Wayrynen, USA TODAY Sports Seahawks tight end Jimmy Graham (88) hauls in a one-handed touchdown catch during the first half against the Bills. Joe Nicholson, USA TODAY Sports Bills quarterback Tyrod Taylor (5) escapes a sack attempt by Seahawks linebacker Cassius Marsh (91) during the first half. Joe Nicholson, USA TODAY Sports Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson (3) passes under pressure from Bills linebacker Jerry Hughes (55). Kirby Lee, USA TODAY Sports Bills cornerback Ronald Darby (28) breaks up a pass intended for Seahawks receiver Jermaine Kearse (15) during the first half. Troy Wayrynen, USA TODAY Sports Bills linebacker Jerry Hughes (55) blocks a kick by Seahawks punter Jon Ryan (9) during the first half. Joe Nicholson, USA TODAY Sports Oakland Raiders quarterback Derek Carr (4) celebrates after a touchdown in the second quarter against the Denver Broncos at Oakland Coliseum. Neville E. Guard, USA TODAY Sports Oakland Raiders wide receiver Amari Cooper (89) runs with the ball after making a catch against the Denver Broncos in the first quarter at Oakland Coliseum. Cary Edmondson, USA TODAY Sports Indianapolis Colts wide receiver T.Y. Hilton (13) picks up five yards on a reception before being knocked out of bounds by Green Bay Packers outside linebacker Kyler Fackrell (51) during the first quarter at Lambeau Field. Mark Hoffman, Milwaukee Journal Sentinel/USA TODAY Sports New Orleans Saints wide receiver Michael Thomas (13) is congratulated by wide receiver Willie Snead (83) for scoring a touchdown against San Francisco 49ers free safety Eric Reid (35) during the fourth quarter at Levi's Stadium. T Kyle Terada, USA TODAY Sports San Diego Chargers running back Melvin Gordon (28) scores a touchdown as Tennessee Titans nose tackle Al Woods (96) defends during the third quarter at Qualcomm Stadium. Jake Roth, USA TODAY Sports Carolina Panthers running back Jonathan Stewart (28) rushes against Los Angeles Rams defensive end William Hayes (95) during the second half of a NFL football game at Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. Kirby Lee, USA TODAY Sports Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers loses the ball as he is hit by Indianapolis Colts defender T.J. Green in the fourth quarter at Lambeau Field. Dan Powers, USA TODAY Sports Denver Broncos inside linebacker Brandon Marshall (54) reacts next to safety Darian Stewart (26) after making a defensive stop against the Oakland Raiders in the first quarter at Oakland Coliseum. Cary Edmondson, USA TODAY Sports Los Angeles Rams wide receiver Tavon Austin (11) rushes against Carolina Panthers linebacker David Mayo (55) during a NFL football game at Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. Kirby Lee, USA TODAY Sports Green Bay Packers safety Ha Ha Clinton-Dix (21) celebrates following a sack during the second quarter against the Indianapolis Colts at Lambeau Field. Jeff Hanisch, USA TODAY Sports New Orleans Saints running back Mark Ingram (22) carries the ball to score a 75-yard touchdown against the San Francisco 49ers during the second quarter at Levi's Stadium. Kelley L Cox, USA TODAY Sports Tennessee Titans wide receiver Rishard Matthews (18) reacts after scoring a touchdown as tight end Delanie Walker (82) watches during the second quarter against the San Diego Chargers at Qualcomm Stadium. Orlando Jorge Ramirez, USA TODAY Sports Detroit Lions wide receiver Golden Tate (15) beats Minnesota Vikings free safety Harrison Smith (22) and scores a touchdown to win the game at U.S. Bank Stadium. Bruce Kluckhohn, USA TODAY Sports Minnesota Vikings quarterback Sam Bradford (8) throws over Detroit Lions defensive tackle A'Shawn Robinson (91) during the third quarter at U.S. Bank Stadium. Brace Hemmelgarn, USA TODAY Sports Kansas City Chiefs running back Charcandrick West (35) runs the ball as Jacksonville Jaguars defensive tackle Malik Jackson (90) attempts the tackle during the second half at Arrowhead Stadium. Denny Medley, USA TODAY Sports New Orleans Saints tight end Josh Hill (89) is tackled by San Francisco 49ers cornerback Jimmie Ward (25) during the first quarter at Levi's Stadium. Kyle Terada, USA TODAY Sports Philadelphia Eagles linebacker Jordan Hicks (58) and safety Jaylen Watkins (26) break up a pass intended for New York Giants wide receiver Odell Beckham Jr. (13) in the end zone during the third quarter at MetLife Stadium. Brad Penner, USA TODAY Sports Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger (7) is sacked by Baltimore Ravens cornerback Jerraud Powers (26) in the fourth quarter at M&T Bank Stadium. Evan Habeeb, USA TODAY Sports Pittsburgh Steelers running back Le'Veon Bell (top) breaks the tackle of Baltimore Ravens cornerback Jerraud Powers (bottom) in the fourth quarter at M&T Bank Stadium. Evan Habeeb, USA TODAY Sports Nov 6, 2016; San Diego, CA, USA; San Diego Chargers running back Melvin Gordon (28) carries the ball as Tennessee Titans inside linebacker Wesley Woodyard (59) tackles during the first quarter at Qualcomm Stadium. Jake Roth, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Nov 6, 2016; San Diego, CA, USA; San Diego Chargers tight end Antonio Gates (85) celebrates after a touchdown catch with teammates center Matt Slauson (68) and wide receiver Tyrell Williams (16) and running back Melvin Gordon (28) during the first quarter against the Tennessee Titans at Qualcomm Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Orlando Ramirez-USA TODAY Sports ORG XMIT: USATSI-268484 ORIG FILE ID: 20161106_ads_aj4_207.JPG Orlando Jorge Ramirez, Orlando Ramirez-USA TODAY Sports Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott (4) reacts to throwing a touchdown against the Cleveland Browns in the first half at FirstEnergy Stadium. Aaron Doster, USA TODAY Sports Jacksonville Jaguars wide receiver Marqise Lee (11) runs the ball as Kansas City Chiefs defensive back Terrance Mitchell (38) attempts the tackle during the first half at Arrowhead Stadium. Denny Medley, USA TODAY Sports Miami Dolphins tight end Dominique Jones (85) celebrates after scoring a touchdown against the New York Jets during the first half at Hard Rock Stadium. Jasen Vinlove, USA TODAY Sports Baltimore Ravens quarterback Joe Flacco (5) reacts after throwing a touchdown in the second quarter against the Pittsburgh Steelers at M&T Bank Stadium. Evan Habeeb, USA TODAY Sports Fullscreen Nov 6, 2016; Baltimore, MD, USA; Baltimore Ravens running back Kenneth Dixon (30) breaks the tackle of Pittsburgh Steelers safety Robert Golden (21) in the second quarter at M&T Bank Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Evan Habeeb-USA TODAY Sports ORG XMIT: USATSI-268466 ORIG FILE ID: 20161106_tdc_aq3_043.JPG Evan Habeeb, Evan Habeeb-USA TODAY Sports New York Giants wide receiver Odell Beckham Jr. (13) celebrates after scoring a touchdown against the Philadelphia Eagles during the first quarter at MetLife Stadium. Brad Penner, USA TODAY Sports Kansas City Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce (87) celebrates with wide receiver Albert Wilson (12) after Wilson's score during the first half against the Jacksonville Jaguars at Arrowhead Stadium. Denny Medley, USA TODAY Sports New York Jets wide receiver Brandon Marshall (15) makes a catch in front of Miami Dolphins safety Bacarri Rambo (30) during the first half at Hard Rock Stadium. Steve Mitchell, USA TODAY Sports Dallas Cowboys tight end Jason Witten (82) runs the ball into the end zone for a touchdown against the Cleveland Browns during the first quarter at FirstEnergy Stadium. Scott Galvin, USA TODAY Sports Minnesota Vikings linebacker Chad Greenway (52) tackles Detroit Lions running back Theo Riddick (25) on a run in the first quarter at U.S. Bank Stadium. Bruce Kluckhohn, USA TODAY Sports Miami Dolphins running back Jay Ajayi (23) runs the ball for a touchdown against the New York Jets during the first half at Hard Rock Stadium. Jasen Vinlove, USA TODAY Sports Baltimore Ravens defensive tackle Timmy Jernigan (99) reacts after a third down stop in the first quarter against the Pittsburgh Steelers at M&T Bank Stadium. Evan Habeeb, USA TODAY Sports Baltimore Ravens quarterback Joe Flacco (5) throws form the pocket during the first quarter against the Pittsburgh Steelers at M&T Bank Stadium. Tommy Gilligan, USA TODAY Sports Atlanta Falcons cornerback Desmond Trufant (21) tackles Tampa Bay Buccaneers wide receiver Mike Evans (13) during the first quarter at Raymond James Stadium. Reinhold Matay, USA TODAY Sports Atlanta Falcons quarterback Matt Ryan (2) throws a touchdown pass to Atlanta Falcons tight end Levine Toilolo (not pictured) during the first quarter against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers at Raymond James Stadium. Reinhold Matay, USA TODAY Sports Atlanta Falcons tight end Levine Toilolo (80) scores a touchdown past Tampa Bay Buccaneers free safety Bradley McDougald (30) during the first quarter at Raymond James Stadium. Reinhold Matay, USA TODAY Sports Tampa Bay Buccaneers wide receiver Mike Evans (13) celebrates with teammates after scoring a touchdown against the Atlanta Falcons during the first quarter at Raymond James Stadium. Kim Klement, USA TODAY Sports Tampa Bay Buccaneers quarterback Jameis Winston (3) prepares to throw the ball for a touchdown against the Atlanta Falcons during the first quarter at Raymond James Stadium. Kim Klement, USA TODAY Sports Tampa Bay Buccaneers running back Peyton Barber (43) runs with the ball against the Atlanta Falcons during the first quarter at Raymond James Stadium. Kim Klement, USA TODAY Sports Tampa Bay Buccaneers running back Peyton Barber (43) carries the ball as Atlanta Falcons outside linebacker Vic Beasley (44) and Falcons defensive end Adrian Clayborn (99) tackles during the first quarter at Raymond James Stadium. Kim Klement, USA TODAY Sports Tampa Bay Buccaneers quarterback Jameis Winston (3) throws the ball against the Atlanta Falcons during the first quarter at Raymond James Stadium. Kim Klement, USA TODAY Sports Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay
NUEVOTEXTO
How the return of elite RBs has led to fantasy football shake-up 
When you begin a fantasy football season, you start up the car with the intent of driving toward your league title. There are going to be twists and turns and potholes and traffic jams. 
But losing A.J. Green? Boy, that’s a road-trip ruiner. This is much worse than hitting a bump on the freeway and watching in the rearview mirror as a hubcap rolls to freedom. It is more damaging than a flat tire. It is even worse than driving through the Lincoln Tunnel when your engine suddenly goes kaput. 
This is getting stranded in the rural outlands, where the only mechanic is a price-gouging fiend with three teeth — the backwoods evildoer with nefarious intentions, but your options are barren and you are forced to trust him. 
There’s bad. There’s worse. There’s apocalyptic. Then there’s this. 
The Madman will give it to you straight: You’re pretty much screwed. There is no one who will step in and duplicate his production, and certainly no one off the waiver wire. It is past the trade deadline in most leagues, so you likely don’t even have the option of getting fleeced in a deal. 
The sad truth is, your team is now substantially worse, and it isn’t a fixable problem. 
But let’s do the glass-half-full thing for a minute, because the Madman is not a giver-upper. Maybe we can piece together something that gives us a chance to stay on course. Stranger things have happened (just last week, David Johnson had a ho-hum game against a historically bad 49ers’ run defense). 
So in the spirit of the classic “Dumb & Dumber” quote, “So you’re saying there’s a chance …,” let’s explore our options to keep that chance as realistic as possible. 
What you’re looking for is high upside. A high-floor/low-ceiling guy is the worst replacement. So let’s immediately rule out Brandon LaFell. He likely will inherit the A.J. routes in the Bengals’ offense, but don’t expect a significant uptick in targets to go his way, even with Giovani Bernard also lost for the season. 
Our best guess is tight end Tyler Eifert gets more looks, as well as rookie receiver Tyler Boyd . We’re not sure yet if Boyd is a good receiver, but considering our desperate state, we are willing to take a chance. 
Looking beyond the Bengals’ roster, we want to find WRs who have underperformed who also stand a chance of seeing a production spike. The Seahawks’ offense has started clicking in recent weeks, and with C.J. Prosise out “a while” with a shoulder injury, Tyler Lockett stands a better chance of seeing some extra targets. If your league doesn’t have an IR spot, chances are Sammy Watkins was dropped. He can’t return until Week 12, and the earliest confident fantasy start would be Week 13, but if you can survive that long, he could be a big boost. With Robert Woods out, we think the Bills will put him on the field as soon as they can. 
Some other players on your radar should be Cameron Meredith , Tyreek Hill , Michael Floyd , Eli Rogers and DeVante Parker . 
Sure, all these guys feel like spare-tire material. But hey, it doesn’t mater how bumpy the path is as long as you get to your destination. Get excited Robert Kelley Photo: AP 
Robert Kelley, RB, Redskins 
Feels like a Terrance West, Christine Michael, Isaiah Crowell type: We don’t think he’s a particularly good RB, but he gets a ton of volume. Ride upswing while you can. 
Alex Collins, RB, Seahawks 
As soon as Thomas Rawls returned, down went C.J. Prosise. Then Troymaine Pope was injured. If you need a Rawls handcuff headed into the fantasy playoffs (you do), then this is your guy. 
Tyler Boyd, WR, Bengals 
A.J. Green’s injury is devastating. No one player will replace those numbers on the stat sheet, but the largest portion likely will go to this rookie. 
Jared Cook, TE, Packers 
The Jared Cook we were looking for earlier this season, and the year before, and the year before that … well, that’s the one we saw Sunday. At a thin position, he’s worth a pickup. Enhance your calm Andy Dalton Photo: Getty Images 
Andy Dalton, QB, Bengals 
He’s lost his best receiver (Green) and his best pass-catching RB (Giovani Bernard). In a lost season, when they likely will be playing from behind more often, expect an increase in mistakes. 
Kirk Cousins, QB, Redskins 
We know, he was outstanding Sunday night. But the gushing praise, as if Cousins is now among the elite QBs, is pure hyperbole. Continue to treat him as a platoon or streaming option. Plus, his next three are on the road. 
Allen Hurns, WR, Jaguars 
As big of a surprise as he was last season, he has been just as big of a disappointment this year. Had a nice matchup this week, yet caught just one pass for 9 yards on two targets. Marqise Lee is a better option. 
Ladarius Green, TE, Steelers 
We’ve been waiting for him to show up. And, we’re still sort of waiting. Zero catches on two targets Sunday. But hey, at least both targets came in the red zone. He is a roster luxury. Share this: 
NUEVOTEXTO
WHAT THE HELL IS IT? Infiniti’s long-awaited attempt to boost the performance cred of the G37—er, the Q50. WHO IS IT FOR? Japanese car fanboys who always secretly wanted an Audi S4.
WHERE DID WE TEST IT? The interstates, parkways, and B-roads of northern New Jersey and southern New York.
THE FIRST THING YOU NOTICE IS: The Dynamic Sunstone Red paint, at least on my tester. It’s so vivid and unusual, I had to check the window sticker to see if Infiniti slaps it on every Red Sport as part of the package. (The company doesn’t, but the $800 paint is a Red Sport exclusive.)
If it’s any other color, the first thing you notice is...how much it looks like any other Q50. It’s beyond understated, even compared with the restrained competition ( Mercedes-AMG C43 , BMW 340i M Sport, Jaguar XE S , etc.). Which is odd, considering how aggressive the base Q50 is for a middleweight luxury sedan.
View photos
The Drive More THING THEY DON’T WANT YOU TO NOTICE, BUT YOU DO ANYWAY: The turbo lag. Once the snails spool up, the Red Sport pulls hard, but the engine is a dog below roughly 2,000 rpm. The engine is Infiniti’s first turbo V-6, and it’s clear the company has some catching up to do in the forced-induction game before it can catch up to the likes of BMW and Benz.
CAR IS GOOD AT: Passing cars already doing extra-legal velocities on the highway.
CAR IS BAD AT: Telling the driver about the road through the steering wheel. Steer-by-wire means there’s zero physical connection between the wheel and the pavement, which means there’s about as much communication between your fingertips and tires as there is between MSNBC and Breitbart News.
View photos
The Drive More RATE 1-5
PERFORMANCE: 3/5 COMFORT: 4/5 LUXURY: 4/5 HAULING PEOPLE: 3/5 HAULING STUFF: 3/5 CURB APPEAL: 3/5 “WOW” FACTOR: 2/5 VALUE: 2/5 OVERALL: 3/5 WOULD YOU BUY IT? Not if I were looking for a genuine sport sedan. The Red Sport has all the power it needs to dance with the greats, but power alone does not a sport sedan make.
DEEP THOUGHTS:
I climbed into the Q50 Red Sport excited, and I climbed out disappointed. Maybe that was in part my fault; I expected a car that was at least a game attempt at a genuine S4 or C43 competitor. But the Infiniti’s handling was a letdown. Any attempt to push the car in the turns resulted in a hot cup of understeer with a side of tire squeal, even with the drive mode dialed up to Sport+ and the traction control disabled. Worse, the steer-by-wire system left me feeling so disconnected from the car, I started getting motion sickness on some of the switchbacks—something that’s only happened to me in the past when I’m riding shotgun.
It comports itself better in the twisties when driving at 7/10th or below, but even then, there’s no joy in it. The seats lack enough bolstering, the transmission takes its sweet time shifting in manual mode, the redline is hard to spot on the tachometer.
View photos
The Drive More Likewise, the exhaust note is flat, even asthmatic. Even calling it “industrial” would be too kind; it sounds like a vacuum cleaner. I found myself short-shifting in manual mode just to banish the noise. The old VQ Nissan/Infiniti V-6 made such boisterous music; it’s sad to see that sound lost to the era of downsizing and turbocharging.
The car’s more well-suited to high-speed highway hauls than B-road blasts. On the interstate, the engine runs hot enough to keep the boost within spitting distance; 60 becomes 80 and 80 becomes 100 with ease.
As with most new Infinitis, the interior is a delight. The seats are supple and comfortable, the trim elegant, the electronics clear and easy to use. The dual-screen layout seems a little overcomplicated at first, but it doesn’t take long to acclimate to it—and it doubles the amount of screen space, letting you monitor traffic using the nav on the top screen while still being able to see who’s playing on the radio on the lower. (That said, the juxtaposition between the high-definition lower screen and the 10-year-old upper one is a little odd.)
Bottom line: The Q50 Red Sport isn’t a sport sedan; it’s a luxury sedan with extra power. If that’s what you’re looking for, however, you won’t be disappointed.
View photos
The Drive More SPECS:
Price (as tested) : $50,700 ($62,220) Powertrain: 3.0-liter twin-turbo V-6, 400 horsepower, 250 lb.-ft. of torque; seven-speed automatic; all-wheel-drive Fuel Economy: 19 city, 26 highway 0-60: 4.5 seconds ( Car and Driver test figures ) Number of Red Sport badges I could find on the car: 0
NUEVOTEXTO
2018 Toyota C-HR First Look: Should the Renegade and HR-V Be Worried? Motor Trend 21 hrs ago Motor Trend Staff 2018 Toyota C-HR First Look: Should the Renegade and HR-V Be Worried? The Toyota C-HR subcompact crossover has been revealed in U.S.-spec trim, gaining a unique engine for our market but retaining the polarizing styling of the European model. The 2018 Toyota C-HR goes on sale in spring 2017.
Research Make (e.g. Mazda) Acura Alfa Romeo AM General Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Dodge Eagle Ferrari Fiat Fisker Ford Genesis Geo GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion smart SRT Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Just like the global model, the North American C-HR rides on Toyota's new TNGA platform. The Euro-market crossover's look, which Toyota calls "avant-garde," also carries over, though the headlights and taillights are slightly different. The U.S.-spec C-HR receives dual projector-beam halogen headlights with LED daytime running lights. The taillights still protrude from the body but feature different lenses.
Unlike the European C-HR, which offers both a turbocharged 1.2-liter I-4 and a 1.8-liter I-4 gasoline-hybrid drivetrain, the U.S.-spec 2018 C-HR is powered by a naturally aspirated, non-hybrid 2.0-liter I-4. That engine makes 144 hp and 139 lb-ft of torque, up from the hybrid's 122 hp and the turbo's 115 hp. A CVT is the only transmission type offered. Though all-wheel drive is available in Europe, at launch the 2018 C-HR will only be available in front-wheel drive. The crossover can be had in one of two trim levels, XLE and XLE Premium, at launch.
© Motor Trend Staff 2018 Toyota C HR rear three quarter 03 Read our First Drive of a Toyota C-HR in European-Spec form HERE .
Toyota says the engine uses the company's latest technologies, including next-gen Variable Valve Timing and Valvematic systems optimized for fuel economy and smoothness. To cut emissions, the catalyst is warmed up earlier. The 2018 C-HR's new CVT has redesigned pulley and a new belt structure to improve acceleration and fuel economy and reduce cabin noise. The transmission also uses the world's first coaxial two-port oil pump system, which makes possible continuous oil pressure changes.
Though the U.S.-spec C-HR only offers a CVT at launch, Toyota will let owners feel like they're in control with a simulated seven-speed Sequential Shiftmatic function, which can create artificial "step-up" shifts on command. Toyota says the C-HR's ride and handling was tuned on Germany's challenging Nrburgring track.
© Motor Trend Staff 2018 Toyota C HR front three quarters 02 The C-HR's interior is driver-centric, and features unique design touches sure to appeal to younger buyers. A 7-inch touchscreen tops the dash, and runs Toyota's latest infotainment system complete with apps like Aha internet radio. XLE Premium models get puddle lamps that project the Toyota C-HR logo, along with hands-free keyless entry and push-button start. The rear seats are made more spacious by scalloped front seatbacks, footwell cubbies beneath the front seats, and a sculpted headliner that adds a little more rear headroom. The rear seats are 60/40 split folding and can fold flat.
All 2018 C-HR models come standard with Toyota Safety Sense P, which includes forward collision mitigation with pedestrian detection and automatic emergency braking, lane departure warning with Steering Assist, automatic high beams, and full-speed radar adaptive cruise control. The C-HR also gets 10 airbags and a rearview camera as standard.
With the U.S. market's insatiable appetite for crossovers, the 2018 Toyota C-HR shouldn't have a problem finding homes as long as buyers can get over—or even learn to love—the small CUV's unconventional design.
See more news from the LA Auto Show | Follow MSN Autos on Facebook
Go to MSN Home
NUEVOTEXTO
Depleted Bills hold on for 16-12 win over Bengals Associated Press 4 hrs ago By JOE KAY
CINCINNATI (AP) -- The depleted Bills lost their top receiver and their top running back during what felt like an elimination game.
They had just enough left to be the one standing at the end.
BOX SCORE: BILLS 16, BENGALS 12
VIDEO: Bills-Bengals highlights
LeSean McCoy ran 7 yards for a touchdown before suffering a thumb injury on Sunday, and Buffalo's defense held on at the end for a 16-12 victory over the Cincinnati Bengals.
"We're in a desperate position," defensive tackle Kyle Williams said. "You look at it: We were kind of two teams teetering on the brink."
The Bills (5-5) had lost three straight heading into their bye week. Their ragged win on Sunday preserved their hopes of a long-awaited playoff spot. Their injury-limited offense piled up 183 yards on the ground -- the most against the Bengals this season.
By contrast, the Bengals (3-6-1) are in danger of not making the playoffs for the first time in six years.
Playing their first game at Paul Brown Stadium in nearly a month, they couldn't move the ball consistently or make an extra point.
"I've only had one losing year since I've been here," said cornerback Adam "Pacman" Jones, who joined the team in 2010. "Yes, it's tiring. It's depressing. It's nerve-wracking. Whatever you want to call it."
The Bengals also lost receiver A.J. Green to an injured right hamstring on the first pass of the game, a setback that will limit their offense the rest of the season. Green barely bent the leg as he was helped to the sideline and then taken off on a cart. Coach Marvin Lewis had no details on the extent of the injury.
Buffalo's defense finished the win by knocking down Andy Dalton's desperation pass into the end zone on the final play. The Bengals managed only five first downs while being shut out in the second half by a defense that was under pressure after giving up a lot of big plays all season.
"It's a look-at-me-now moment," Bills linebacker Preston Brown said.
The Bills lost two of their top offensive players in the first half. Receiver Robert Woods suffered a knee injury as he was tackled after a catch. McCoy hurt his left thumb late in the half. It's unclear how long both will be sidelined.
Buffalo also overcame a lot of self-inflicted mistakes. The Bills had nine penalties for 75 yards. Tyrod Taylor threw an interception to Dre Kirkpatrick at the Bengals 1-yard line late in the first half.
The Bengals had their own follies. Mike Nugent missed two extra points, hitting both off the right upright. Nugent has missed three of his past seven PATs.
Nugent tried to compensate for the wind, and wound up kicking them too far right.
"It just drives me crazy to have a poor performance that contributes to a loss," Nugent said.
STATS
McCoy finished with 39 yards and passed Marshawn Lynch (11,091) for 75th place on the NFL's all-time scrimmage yards list. ... Dan Carpenter kicked a 54-yard field goal, setting a Bills record with 14 kicks from 50 yards away. Steve Christie had 13 field goals of 50 yards. ... The Bengals have allowed 180 yards rushing three times this season. Dallas and Cleveland both ran for 180 yards.
QB NUMBERS
Taylor was 19 of 27 for 166 yards with an interception. He also ran nine times for 39 yards. Dalton was 24 of 43 for 207 yards with a touchdown and two interceptions.
INJURIES
Bills: DT Marcell Dareus was active for only the second time this season. He was suspended for the first four games for violating the NFL's substance abuse policy, then missed four of next five games with hamstring and groin injuries.
Bengals: LB Rey Maualuga was inactive with an injured leg despite having a full practice last week. ... Kirkpatrick missed most of the fourth quarter with an injured left knee.
FANTASY IMPACT
Buffalo's Stephon Gilmore had the second two-interception game of his career. He has a career-high four interceptions this season and 13 in his career.
UP NEXT
Bills: They host Jacksonville . They lost to the Jaguars 34-31 in London last season. Four of the Bills' last six games are at home.
Bengals: They play a pivotal AFC North game at Baltimore . They also finish the regular season at home against the Ravens.
---
AP NFL website: www.pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP-NFL
Go to MSN Home
NUEVOTEXTO
When people say Americans won’t give up their cars, Los Angeles is a case study on automotive saturation. Car fever took off during the post World War II era economic boom, and the sprawling city’s far reaching tentacle of freeways make the automobile essential. Culver City speed shops and custom car culture elevated the LA’s romance with the automobile to another level. But a new reality has set in, and so far, no one is exactly sure how to stop it.
Los Angeles may be a car town, but there’s nothing more brutal than an LA traffic jam and its massive environmental footprint. The state of California has embraced some of the cleanest emissions standards in the country, and is most identifiable as the home of the new electric car business, thanks to Tesla and Google. But when it comes to automotive innovation, LA proper has catching up to do with what’s happening north in Silicon Valley. 
The biggest issue at the LA Auto Show seems to be one of timing This central theme of recalibration resonates at the LA Auto Show this year, which runs through November 27th. The show has gradually evolved as the place to introduce carefree convertibles into an event to think ahead about mobility, an idea that’s much bigger than the state of California. Last year , organizers introduced a Connected Car Expo prior to the show. This year it merged automation and autos into a full week of preview days in an effort to keep up with both the upcoming Consumer Electronic Show and the North American International Auto Show in January.
There are plenty of cars to see — including 50 vehicles debuts. Still, as the public visits the show this week, the biggest issue at the LA Auto Show seems to be one of timing. During the previews, conversations inevitably touched on the uncertain policies of a President-Elect Trump administration, and how it could alter plans to introduce cars with cleaner emissions.
Tamara Warren But the show has to go on. Automobility was staged under tents in front of the convention center in the downtown district. Picture a baby Consumer Electronics Show, as startups, software companies, and panelists turned their eyes toward the future of the car. Intel declared its intention to launch a $250 million autonomous car program. Argus Cyber Security highlighted its software to prevent hacking. Automakers joined in as well. BMW said it would expand its car-sharing service ReachNow to Brooklyn and Ford CEO Mark Fields spoke on Ford’s automated future. Hyundai announced its partnership with Amazon Echo. A series of panels covered big-picture topics. Inventor Dezsö Molnár described the the flying car race he is planning for next year in Nevada. Some of California’s newest luxury electric car companies had a presence. The NextEV CEO broke down her vision that cars should tackle both software and hardware and Lucid Motors showed off its electric sports car prototype. 
Several of the traditional car companies unveiled cars with more progressive electrified developments. Jaguar unveiled its fierce electric crossover offering — the iType — and Hyundai showed the Ionic, its self-driving car concept. Volkswagen unveiled a refreshed e-Gulf, as it attempts to mend its image after its shameful diesel scandal. Chrysler showed the plug-in hybrid Pacifica, a strong play for eco-friendly families.
The ballooning crossover category added several new or modified entries. Ford showed its EcoSport at a preview (promoted by DJ Khaled on the decks.) Fiat Chrysler has expanded its menu in its svelte Alfa Romeo lineup in the chic Stelvio . Mazda showed a new version of the practical CX-5 crossover. 
But LA is still a town that caters to celebrity culture, and places a high value on status and speed. Mercedes-Benz revealed the stately Maybach convertible at a preview event. Aston Martin showed a more vivacious Vanquish S. Racing was on full view at the Porsche stand, where the 911RS debuted and Mazda race car drivers posed with the RT24-P race car. Honda revealed a more peppy Civic Si. The local dealer Galpin showed several choice customs and featured the Spyker C8 Preliator, first unveiled at the Geneva Motor Show.
Despite all the hype and enthusiasm show organizers pumped up, the mood was anxious and subdued throughout the week of previews. There was never a moment that was truly exciting, or a car that totally dominated the conversation. The trepidation had more to do with the surrounding world than the bubble of cars on display in a convention center. In a car town, a visit to the Los Angeles Auto Show is an opportunity to see an industry caught in a crossroads.
NUEVOTEXTO
Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... 
Thu, Nov 24, 2016, 16:56 GMT - UK Markets closed Desert industrial city points to Saudi economic future By Ian Timberlake | AFP – 17 minutes ago View Photo 

In the desert, far from the skyscrapers and busy streets of its big cities, oil-dependent Saudi Arabia is looking to build its future on two other natural resources. 
Phosphate minerals, used to produce fertiliser, and bauxite, the chief ore in making aluminium, are at the core of an effort to make mining a pillar of a diversified Saudi economy. 
About 80 kilometres (50 miles) north of Jubail on Saudi Arabia's Gulf Coast, the Ras Al Khair Industrial City has risen from the barren sands of the desert over the last eight years. 
After an investment of nearly $35 billion, the project will be officially inaugurated by Saudi King Salman next week -- a symbol of how the world's largest oil exporter seeks to lessen its reliance on petroleum. 
"This place we are in did not exist in 2007," Khalid Al-Mudaifer, CEO of Saudi mining company Ma'aden, told AFP during a government-organised rare visit by foreign journalists to the site. 
"There was nobody at all, other than a good number of camels." 
Saudi Arabia -- the world's largest oil exporter -- has seen its revenues hit hard by the fall in global oil prices by more than half since 2014. 
In April the kingdom announced a wide-ranging reform plan, Vision 2030, that seeks to diversify the economy by promoting a wider variety of private industries and businesses employing more Saudis. 
With (Other OTC: WWTH - news ) reserves including phosphate, bauxite, copper and uranium, Saudi Arabia is rich in minerals but the Vision plan noted that the mining sector "has yet to meet expectations". 
The government sees mining as the eventual third pillar of its economy after petroleum and petrochemicals. 
It wants the sector to contribute 97 billion riyals ($26 billion) to Gross Domestic Product by 2020, roughly double the current proportion. 
The scale of Vision 2030 has raised doubts over whether it can all be achieved but officials say Ras Al Khair is helping diversification. 
- From mine to market - 
"This project is the first project to use phosphate in Saudi Arabia. The phosphate has been there for 35 million years but it required infrastructure, and now the infrastructure is there," Mudaifer said. 
Ma'aden Phosphate, a venture with Saudi petrochemicals giant SABIC, is one component of the integrated Ras Al Khair development. 
Phosphate rock mined west of Arar city in the far north near Iraq is transported by rail 1,450 kilometres (900 miles) across the desert to Ras Al Khair, where it is turned into fertiliser. 
The product is loaded onto ships for export to farmers in India and other countries from the project's own port, accounting for 10 percent of global phosphate fertiliser output. 
Trains also transport another major raw material, pinkish bauxite rock mined in central Saudi Arabia, to the industrial city. 
Ma'aden Aluminium, a joint venture with US giant Alcoa (Xetra: 850206 - news ) , operates a Ras Al Khair refinery that converts the bauxite into alumina. 
The fine, white powder in turn goes into a four-year-old smelter that produces shiny ingots and other aluminium products. 
At the site's rolling mill, a further step sees mattress-sized slabs of aluminium gradually heated down, in a spray of foam and a flash of light, until they become thin sheets. 
Customers buy the sheets to make drink cans or construction material. In a new venture, Ma'aden also has a contract to supply sheets to Britain's Jaguar Land Rover. 
Mudaifer said Ras Al Khair is "taking a good share" of the regional aluminium market but remains small in terms of global output, with around 750,000 tonnes a year. 
For the milled products, China and other producers provide strong competition, he said, but market share will increase "because there is a good growth in demand". 
Stretching over 90 square kilometres (35 square miles), the Ras Al Khair site is vast, its factories standing alongside housing and other facilities for roughly 12,000 workers. 
The site even has its own water desalination and power plant, whose 22 red-and-white conical towers contrast with the greyness of the factory buildings, tanks and pipes, some of them caked in bauxite dust. Ex-Unilever COO Manwani in frame to take Tata's $100bn hotseat Sky News - 2 hours 3   30   2 hours 52 minutes   6   9 hours   17  
NUEVOTEXTO
Related Content View Photo Nanogate enters electromobility market
DGAP-News: NANOGATE AG / Key word(s): Incoming Orders

2016-11-24 / 14:36 
The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.

Nanogate enters electromobility market 
Multi-year order has a volume in the low single-digit million range - Supply of high-quality design surfaces for charging stations for electric cars made by a luxury manufacturer 
Göttelborn, Germany, 24 November 2016. Nanogate AG, a leading international systems provider for high-tech surfaces and components, is expanding into the area of electric vehicles. The Group is recording growing sales figures for charging stations made by a German car manufacturer and is also in negotiations with a foreign provider. 
Nanogate is supplying high-quality design surfaces for plastic charging stations that enable the vehicle to connect to the electricity grid. The stations can be installed in home garages, for example. The total order volume for the multi-year project is in the low single-digit million range. The Nanogate Vogler Systems subsidiary shall be responsible for enhancing the plastic components. In doing so, the new coating facility will also be used. The facility commenced operation this year and is considerably more flexible and better performing than the previous model.
Michael Jung, COO of Nanogate AG, explains, "With the new project, Nanogate is opening up an additional sales market. In the long term, we see considerable market potential in high-quality design surfaces for charging stations."
 
Nanogate on Twitter: https://twitter.com/nanogate_ag 
If you have any queries, please contact: 
Christian Dose (financial press and investors)
WMP Finanzkommunikation GmbH
Tel. +49 (0)69 5770 300 21
nanogate@wmp-ag.de

Liane Stieler-Joachim 
Nanogate AG
Tel. +49 (0)6825 9591 220
liane.stieler-joachim@nanogate.com Nanogate AG 
Zum Schacht 3
66287 Göttelborn
Germany
www.nanogate.com

    Nanogate AG: 
Nanogate (ISIN DE000A0JKHC9) is a leading international systems provider for high-tech surfaces and components. The Group employs more than 700 people and expects to generate sales of over EUR 105 million in 2016. Nanogate develops and produces design-oriented surfaces and components and enhances them with additional properties (e.g. non-stick, scratchproof, anti-corrosive).
The Group has first-class references (e.g. Airbus, Audi, August Brötje, BMW, BSH Hausgeräte, Daimler, FILA, Fresenius, Jaguar, Junghans, Porsche, Volkswagen). Several hundred mass production projects for customers have already been implemented successfully. The Nanogate Group comprises Nanogate Eurogard Systems B.V., Nanogate GfO Systems AG, Nanogate Industrial Systems GmbH, Nanogate Textile & Care Systems GmbH, Nanogate Glazing Systems B.V. and Nanogate Vogler Systems GmbH, as well as majority stakes in Nanogate PD systems GmbH and Nanogate Goletz Systems GmbH. It also has subsidiaries in the USA and Turkey
True to its slogan 'A world of new surfaces', Nanogate is a long-standing innovation partner who opens up the diverse possibilities offered by new materials to companies in a wide range of industries. It aims to improve customers' products and processes and to provide environmental benefits by using multifunctional surfaces, such as those made of plastic or metal, and innovative plastic components. The Group concentrates on attractive sectors such as automotive/transport, mechanical/plant engineering, buildings/interiors and sport/leisure. As a systems provider, Nanogate offers the entire value chain: materials development for surface systems, series coating of various different substrates as well as the production and enhancement of complete plastic components. The main value drivers are the opening up of international markets, the development of new applications for the strategic growth areas Advanced Polymers (innovative plastics) and Advanced Metals (innovative metal enhancements) as well as external growth.
Disclaimer: 
This publication constitutes neither an offer to sell nor an invitation to buy securities. The shares in Nanogate AG (the "Shares") may not be offered or sold in the United States or to or for the account or benefit of "U.S. persons" (as such term is defined in Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act")). No offer or sale of transferable securities is being made to the public outside Germany."
NUEVOTEXTO
Black Friday record rush expected as price rises loom Sky News - 18 hours ago Retailers' websites are gearing up for the strain of Black Friday amid a warning it could be the last to offer true value to UK shoppers because of the weakening pound. There have been days of discounting ahead of the main event - which is expected … More » Ex-Unilever COO Manwani in frame to take Tata's $100bn hotseat Sky News - Thu, Nov 24, 2016 14:53 GMT A former Unilever (NYSE: UL - news) executive is in the frame to take on the chairmanship of Tata Group, the Indian conglomerate which owns Jaguar Land Rover and the Port Talbot steel plant in south Wales. Sky News can reveal that Harish Manwani, … More » From rights and refunds, to returns and retailers - here's the ultimate Black Friday survival guide Yahoo Finance UK - Thu, Nov 24, 2016 14:25 GMT What if that designer outfit you snapped up for the office Christmas party is not all that after all. Here, with the help of Hannah Maundrell, editor in chief at leading comparison site money.co.uk, we offer the ultimate Black Friday survival guide. … More » Investor Views: "Gold Bullion Will Boost My Pension" Morningstar UK - Thu, Nov 24, 2016 14:04 GMT Chris Hall says that he hopes his investment portfolio will help him maintain his current living standards when he retires at 60. Hall is due to receive an income from various company pensions at this age, but it will be significantly below his … More » What Does the Autumn Statement Mean for Markets? Morningstar UK - Thu, Nov 24, 2016 10:06 GMT Chancellor Philip Hammond remained true to his reputation for prudence and caution in his first and last Autumn Statement. As such, there were few surprises for markets, with no Donald Trump-style spending plans or tax cuts, but some well-flagged … More » Hunt for Profit in Unpopular Stocks Morningstar UK - Thu, Nov 24, 2016 10:00 GMT Chris Morrison, investment manager of the GAM UK Diversified fund tells us why investors should take a chance on unpopular stocks for long-term growth … More » Countrywide shares are crashing after the government made a huge change to the rental market Business Insider UK Finance - Thu, Nov 24, 2016 08:54 GMT Shares in Britain's largest estate agency group Countrywide are crashing on Thursday morning, after the government announced huge changes to the country's rental market. On Wednesday, Chancellor Philip Hammond announced in the Autumn Statement that … More » An ex-Barclays banker claimed he was fired after talking to fraud investigators Business Insider UK Finance - Thu, Nov 24, 2016 08:10 GMT A former senior Barclays investment banker claimed the lender fired him as a "direct response" to what he told fraud investigators about the bank, his lawyer said. Barclays dismissed Richard Boath, who was global co-head of finance, earlier this … More » Autumn Statement 2016: The charts that show the cost of Brexit Sky News - Thu, Nov 24, 2016 03:13 GMT The best place to start is with this chart, showing you just how much Government borrowing is due to increase in the coming years (£122bn in total, compared with the March Budget), and where all that extra borrowing comes from. As you can see, a … More » Mobile masts giant Arqiva plots £5bn sale Sky News - Wed, Nov 23, 2016 23:08 GMT Britain's biggest independent operator of telecommunications towers has begun secret preparations for a £5bn sale that would mean ditching a long-awaited London stock market listing. Sky News has learnt that Arqiva, which is owned by a consortium … More » Mobile masts giant Arqiva telegraphs £5bn sale plan Sky News - Wed, Nov 23, 2016 19:30 GMT Britain's biggest independent operator of telecommunications towers has begun secret preparations for a £5bn sale that would mean ditching a long-awaited London stock market listing. Sky News has learnt that Arqiva, which is owned by a consortium … More »
NUEVOTEXTO
View photos
Nico Rosberg celebrates winning the world title at the end of the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix on November 27, 2016 (AFP Photo/Andrej Isakovic) More Abu Dhabi (AFP) - Nico Rosberg realised a dream and silenced his critics Sunday when he emulated his father Keke’s achievement and claimed his maiden Formula One drivers’ championship.
But by beating his Mercedes team-mate and three-time champion Lewis Hamilton the usually-reserved Rosberg did far more than that.
In addition to persuading F1’s veteran commercial ring-master Bernie Ecclestone to "eat his words" after saying that a Rosberg title win would be bad for business, he left several other pundits chewing furiously.
His father famously won only one race in his 1982 title triumph and a career total of five, but Rosberg swept to the title with nine wins this year.
It was emphatic proof that, despite all of Hamilton’s reliability problems, he won the title on merit as much through dogged pursuit as a raw talent for speed.
Despite losing to Hamilton in the final race of the season in Abu Dhabi on Sunday, his overall triumph against Hamilton reflected his character -– his refusal to concede, a relentless competitiveness and a cerebral attention to detail.
It also enabled Rosberg to exorcise the demons that appeared to inhabit his intense competition with Hamilton, a relationship which dates back to teenage karting days as team-mates, room-mates and rivals, which has exploded with collisions in the last four years.
In many ways, Rosberg’s success -- and his identity as a champion -- has been defined by his relationship, and differences, with Hamilton.
Born to his Finnish father and German mother Sina in Wiesbaden, Germany, on June 27, 1985, Rosberg has raced for both Finland, briefly in his early career, and Germany. Yet, if anything, he is Monegasque and cosmopolitan.
He is a speaker of five languages with dual nationality from his parents, yet he does not speak Finnish thanks to his father’s decision to bring him up without it.
And, far from having an easy life thanks to inherited wealth and privilege, he has, like Hamilton, always had a sense that he has much to prove.
His father Keke always stressed a need to be prudent.
“I’ve always wanted to achieve things on my own,” he told The Guardian earlier this year. “I hated buying jeans with my dad’s money. I’d buy the minimum for whatever was necessary.
- Nicknamed 'Britney' -
“My mum grew up after the war in Germany and she used to take cigarettes from the floor and smoke the last bit left by American soldiers. They had nothing. She grew up like that.”
Like Hamilton, he was once managed by his father, but no longer.
Rosberg began karting aged six. He and Hamilton met as rivals in 1997 and became team-mates in 2000.
In 2002, he moved to the German Formula BMW championship and won the title.
His rise was a season ahead of Hamilton’s parallel ascent of motor racing’s ladder. As teenage rivals, both dreamt and laughed at the prospect of racing for the F1 world title.
Rosberg arrived in F1, with Williams , via the Formula 3 Euro Series and winning the inaugural GP2 title in 2005. He was partnered with Australian Mark Webber.
Williams had carried his father to the championship. For his son, however, blessed with flaxen hair and an easy charm, it was a harsh school for top-level competition.
The unforgiving Webber dubbed him Britney, after the pop singer Britney Spears. It was a soubriquet that branded Rosberg, only 20, with an image that took time to shake off.
Before joining Williams, he turned down a place at Imperial College, London, to study aeronautical engineering.
After Webber departed to Jaguar, Rosberg grew in confidence and claimed his first podium at the 2008 Australian Grand Prix, sharing the moment with a victorious Hamilton who had arrived in F1 with McLaren a year earlier.
In 2010, he moved to the rebranded Mercedes team created by the German manufacturer’s takeover of the 2009 champions Brawn.
He recorded consistent finishes, mixed with accidents, as team-mate to returning Michael Schumacher before the seven-time champion’s final retirement and the arrival, in 2013, of Hamilton.
Their partnership ignited the team’s current spell of dominance. Though Hamilton beat him to be champion in 2014 and 2015, the methodical Rosberg has become the fourth driver to win the Monaco Grand Prix three times in a row and win seven races in succession.
His championship triumph maintains the virility of his competitive value in combat with Hamilton and caps a happy period in his personal life.
While Hamilton remains single and has a playboy image, Rosberg in 2014 married his childhood sweetheart Vivian Sibold with whom he has a daughter, Alaia, born in August last year.
NUEVOTEXTO
Phoney F1 war intensifies ahead of title showdown AFP 4 hrs ago © Provided by AFP Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton celebrates with the trophy after winning the Brazilian Grand Prix ahead of title rival and Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg (L) on November 13, 2016 The phoney war ahead of Sunday’s title-deciding Abu Dhabi Grand Prix intensified on Saturday as Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton played mind games and Mercedes reaped the benefits.
Research Make (e.g. Mazda) Acura Alfa Romeo AM General Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Dodge Eagle Ferrari Fiat Fisker Ford Genesis Geo GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion smart SRT Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Aided by a flourish of encouragement from Mercedes team chief Toto Wolff, defending three-time world champion Hamilton continued to produce a flow of words while his team-mate and rival championship leader Nico Rosberg stuck to his stoical, largely unflustered, stance.
"I’m the champion in my own heart, whatever happens," said Hamilton, who has to overhaul a 12 points deficit to claim a fourth title – a position that requires him to win with Rosberg failing to finish on the podium.
It was just another line to maintain his ascendancy in the psychological battle that has fascinated an excited media circus at the Yas Marina circuit.
The two drivers, both 31, one British and one German, make a sharp contrast in their image and behaviour and have endured a stormy rollercoaster three years as team-mates.
For Wolff, and Mercedes, it is priceless promotion for their brand.
© Provided by AFP Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton celebrates with the trophy after winning the Brazilian Grand Prix ahead of title rival and Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg (L) on November 13, 2016 Every lens is focused on the Mercedes drivers, their cars and their team members.
Austrian Wolff's face is the subject of as many close-ups as a Hollywood pin-up and he, like a great orchestra conductor flourishing his baton, has kept the music loud.
"It's normal that here this is like a volcano to erupt with two of them, the two very different personalities,” he told reporters.
"One is going to dig a little deeper, the other one is going to do it in a different way…”
Every Quote: is recorded and scribbled down. Wolff is a master of the sound-bite.
- Fierce rivalry -
"It is also clear, and we have to acknowledge it, that now everything is on the line.
"It's about losing or winning the drivers' world championship. They can't be in love with each other this weekend, but they need to play all the tricks to put themselves in a situation to win the championship.
"You just have to respect that there is a fierce rivalry, the competition is intense and, as since 2013, we just have to try to keep it together with up and downs.”
© Provided by AFP Lewis Hamilton beat Nico Rosberg in opening practice for the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix Wolff revealed that his worst memories of 2016 have been the late collision between Rosberg and Hamilton in Austria, where both men finished, and the crash in Spain that took them both out of the race.
Over the years, several showdown races have been overshadowed by deliberate collisions and controversy including the most infamous – Ayrton Senna taking his McLaren team-mate Alain Prost out at the first corner of the 1990 Japanese Grand Prix.
The prospect of any kind of repeat has been rejected, by all concerned, but it lingers in the mind.
"There are some examples in the past that have been very prominent and very controversial,” said Wolff.
“Lewis's hero (Senna) and the other way around.
"I think it is very difficult to construct such a situation and make it work. I don't think that's the way Nico operates and it would certainly not look very good."
For Rosberg it would be out of character for him to choose it, even if he has displayed a more steely sense of aggression this year.
A gentleman racer through most of 2015, he changed his approach after Hamilton, with his street-racer mentality, had charged to his third title with a month to spare.
They go into Sunday’s race with nine wins apiece.
Hamilton has the simplest target, but needs Rosberg’s mental management system to crumble under pressure if he is to win and seize a fourth drivers’ crown.
It was, therefore, no surprise that he told British reporters that he felt already that he had earned the championship.
"I think, in my heart, I will feel - and maybe I should keep it private to myself -- but I feel a certain way, in my heart, how I have performed…
"If he is labelled 'world champion' it doesn't necessarily mean that's the way it's labelled in my heart."
He added that he felt the same way about the 2007 championship when he missed out at the final race in Brazil in his rookie season.
Wolff or another imaginative Mercedes executive might have scripted it all.
It is the ‘Rocky’ of motor racing - the mixed-race kid from a broken home on a Stevenage council estate fighting the gifted and privileged flaxen-haired Monegasque son of a former champion.
And it will give Mercedes global media air time.
Go to MSN Home
NUEVOTEXTO
NFL playoff picture: Patriots, Dolphins slide up; Broncos fall out Sporting News 6 hrs ago Vinnie Iyer Replay Video Play Pause Seek i Volume Volume Volume Mute Unmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LO Full Screen Exit Full Screen Play Pause Volume Volume How is the NFL playoff picture looking after Week 12's Sunday action going into Monday night and Week 13?
WATCH: Top NFL Week 12 plays
From the division leaders to the wild cards to the also-rans. Here's how all 32 teams stand:
MORE: Week 12, stats, info, highlights
AFC No. 1 seed —Patriots (9-2): First place, East. Their comeback against the Jets allowed them to keep pace with the Raiders. The Patriots gained the tiebreaker, too, by padding their conference record.
MORE: No Gronk is a big problem for the Pats
No. 2 seed — Raiders(9-2): First place, West. They rallied in the fourth quarter (what else is new?)to knock off the Panthers and ensure they stayed with the Patriots and ahead of the Chiefs.
MORE: Carr, Mack are both ahead of the curve
No. 3 seed —Ravens(6-5) :First place, North. They won to jump back ahead of the Steelers and with it, rendered the Bengals as non-factors in the division.
No. 4 seed — Texans(6-5): First place, South. They lost to the Chargers, and now hold only a half-game lead over the Titans and a full-game lead over the Colts. The good news, they've beaten both at home. The bad news is, they play both on the road.
No. 5 seed — Chiefs(8-3): Wild card. Winning that overtime thriller in Denver not only strengthened their position here, but kept them on the heels of the Raiders, whom they've already beaten once and get at home in two weeks.
No. 6 seed —Dolphins (7-4): Wild card. They held off the 49ers late to make it six straight wins and make their case to be this year's Chiefs. It's an incredible turnaround, and the schedule looks very favorable before a home season finale with New England, whom they can still catch in the East.
Who's right behind —Broncos (7-4), Steelers (6-5), Bills (6-5), Titans (6-6). The Broncos have their work cut out to avoid free-falling out of contention. The Steelers still have their eyes set more on the North. The Bills and Titans are scrappy enough with their running games to not go quietly.
Who's still alive — Colts (5-6), Chargers (5-6), Bengals (3-7-1),Jets (3-8), Jaguars (2-9). Of these teams, only the Colts have a real chance because their division path is still open. The Chargers still have too many hurdles to clear for both the West and the wild card.
MORE: The Bengals season was a bomb before Green got hurt
Who's out — Browns (0-12). They will be playing for next year after the bye.
MORE: Browns and winless are essentially synonyms in 2016
NFC No. 1 seed —Cowboys (10-1): First place, East. They are a lock for securing this seed and home-field advantage now after beating the Redskins and watching the Seahawks lose.
No. 2 seed —Seahawks (7-3-1): First place, West. That loss at Tampa Bay brought them a little too close to the Lions and Falcons and also ensured they won't be catching the Cowboys.
No. 3 seed —Lions (7-4): First place, North. They have a full game and a tiebreaker up on the Vikings after sweeping them.
No. 4 seed —Falcons (7-4): First place, South. They took apart the Cardinals, and needed to do so with the Bucs and Saints both winning. At least the Panthers are off their trail now.
No. 5 seed —Giants (8-3): Wild card. Their win at Cleveland keeps putting just enough pressure on the Cowboys on top of strengthening their case here.
No. 6 seed —Redskins (6-4-1): Wild card. Their loss to the Cowboys trimmed their lead to a half game here and pretty much took them out of the division race in third place.
Who's right behind —Buccaneers (6-5), Vikings (6-5),Eagles (5-5). The Bucs jumped the Vikings after their win over the Seahawks. The Eagles will try to make this mix more interesting on Monday night.
Who's still alive — Saints (5-6), Packers (4-6),Cardinals (4-6-1), Panthers (4-7),Rams (4-7),Bears (2-9). The Saints and Packers have outside shorts at the divisions, but that's it.
Who's out — 49ers (1-10). Hey, at least Colin Kaepernick might not make them use that high draft pick on a quarterback.
MORE: Kaepernick clarifies Castro comments
PHOTOS: Best of the NFL season
2016 NFL season
Go to MSN Home
NUEVOTEXTO

Rendering judgment on the NFL’s bubble teams through Week 12: Dolphins 
Miami has won six in a row, and Ryan Tannehill has played like a true franchise quarterback in that span by completing 68 percent of his passes with nine touchdowns and just one interception. The Dolphins are vulnerable on the ground, giving up more than 100 yards in three of their past four games, and the schedule starting with Sunday’s visit to the 6-5 Ravens is difficult — three of Miami’s final five games are on the road. But the Dolphins are playing with incredible confidence under first-year coach Adam Gase and look like they will finally end their seven-year playoff drought. 
Verdict: Contender Buccaneers 
Tampa has a very young roster that appears to be maturing rapidly, judging by back-to-back victories over the Chiefs and Seahawks. Those teams are a combined 15-4-1 this season, not counting games against the Bucs. Jameis Winston and a turnover-happy defense are leading the way, with Winston compiling a 104.1 passer rating (13 TDs and just three interceptions) the past six games, and Tampa recording a whopping 14 takeaways in that span. The Bucs’ schedule the rest of the way is brutal, though, including a Week 15 visit to the Cowboys and a Week 16 trip to the Saints. That probably will keep Tampa from ending its eight-year playoff drought. 
Verdict: Pretender Bills 
Only one of Buffalo’s six victories is over a team with a winning record, and that was against the Tom Brady-less Patriots quarterbacked by rookie Jacoby Brissett. The Bills also have practically no passing game to speak of — they rank last in the league in attempts, yards and next to last in TDs — and gave up 183 rushing yards to the woeful Jaguars in a 28-21 victory last week. And they have forced just two turnovers the past five games. Three of Buffalo’s final five games are at home, which will be a big advantage if the weather is bad, but the opponents include the 9-2 Raiders, the 6-5 Steelers and the 7-4 Dolphins. Count on Buffalo’s league-worst playoff drought dating to 2000 to continue, putting Rex Ryan firmly on the hot seat. 
Verdict: Pretender Steelers 
Pittsburgh, which plays host to the Giants this week, has bounced back from a four-game losing streak to post consecutive victories over the Browns and the Colts without Andrew Luck. The Steelers’ ground game is back on track, averaging 147 yards the past two games, and the secondary appears to be vastly improved. Pittsburgh also is forcing turnovers again, racking up eight in the past five games. Three of the Steelers’ final five games are at home, the AFC North is dreadful, and Pittsburgh always will be a threat as long as Ben Roethlisberger is upright. 
Verdict: Contender Ravens 
Baltimore has rebounded from a four-game midseason swoon with a 3-1 stretch, thanks almost entirely to a second-ranked defense that is tough to throw against and even more difficult to run on. The offense remains a liability, though, with Joe Flacco compiling a mere 80.7 passer rating thanks to 11 TDs and 10 interceptions and a running game that ranks fifth worst in the NFL. The Ravens have a big game Sunday at home against the 7-4 Dolphins, but with a remaining schedule that includes visits to 9-2 New England and 6-5 Pittsburgh wrapped around what should be a difficult home date with the 5-5 Eagles, Baltimore looks headed for a second consecutive year without the playoffs. That would be the longest stretch of John Harbaugh’s career. 
Verdict: Pretender Redskins 
Kirk Cousins is playing out of his mind — and into a huge payday — the past five weeks, turning in a 114.0 passer rating with 11 TDs and just one interception in that stretch. Unfortunately for Washington, all that’s gotten the Redskins is a 2-2-1 mark while the 10-1 Cowboys are controlling the NFC East with the 8-3 Giants not too far behind. A horrific defense that has allowed an average of 381 yards over the past four games continues to be Washington’s downfall. Three of the Redskins’ final five games are on the road, starting with Sunday’s visit to the Cardinals, but on the plus side, just one of those opponents — the Giants in Week 17 — is currently above .500. But the division looks too tough and the conference too crowded with similar teams for Washington to make it back to the playoffs for the second year in a row. 
Verdict: Pretender 
NUEVOTEXTO
Go AutoComplete: Ford puts safety first with new suite of active and passive systems Plus: The US will establish charging corridors across the country, and San Francisco's roads are the worst in the US. by Antuan Goodwin Your video, "AutoComplete: Ford puts safety first with new suite of active and passive systems"will start after this message from our sponsors. Loading video... AutoComplete AutoComplete: Ford puts safety first with new suite of active and passive systems Plus: The US will establish charging corridors across the country, and San Francisco's roads are the worst in the US. November 3, 2016 Transcript Transcription not available for AutoComplete: Ford puts safety first with new suite of active and passive systems. AutoComplete: Hyundai builds a record-setting hybrid,... 1:34 November 2, 2016 Mercedes-Benz whips up another AMG SUV. Play video AutoComplete: Honda R&D hearts Tokyo over Silicon Valley 1:20 November 1, 2016 Ford's Raptor is ready to play dirty in Baja. Play video AutoComplete: Henrik Fisker is back with a new EV,... 1:29 October 31, 2016 Toyota may finally be primed for an all-electric Prius, and Mercedes previews a year's... Play video AutoComplete: Volkswagen unveils the all-American Atlas... 1:27 October 28, 2016 George Hotz cancels Comma One in the US, and Faraday Future teases its first electric... Play video AutoComplete: Acura's SEMA concept is truckin' awesome 1:17 October 27, 2016 Mazda teases the CX-5 ahead of LA, and Audi dabbles in car sharing. Play video AutoComplete: Mercedes unveils the AMG E63, a 603-horsepower... 1:28 October 26, 2016 Mini unveils a new plug-in hybrid Countryman, and Mazda gives us a look at its SEMA plans. Play video AutoComplete: BMW Films returns with Clive Owen in... 1:16 October 24, 2016 Fisker teases its new EV's front end, and Toyota dabbles in city planning. Play video AutoComplete: Lucid Motors launches its brand with... 1:10 October 21, 2016 Jaguar tests connectivity and autonomy, and Hyundai recalls sedans for acting like convertibles. Play video AutoComplete: Starting now, all new Tesla models come... 1:20 October 20, 2016 Lynk & Co launches "the most connected car to date," and Faraday Future gets set to launch... Play video AutoComplete: Audi adds 2.0-liter engine to 2017 Q7... 1:29 October 19, 2016 Hyundai teases yet another SEMA car, and Subaru sets pricing for the 2017 Impreza. Play video AutoComplete: Ford puts safety first with new suite of active and passive systems 1:29 November 3, 2016 Plus: The US will establish charging corridors across the country, and San Francisco's roads are the worst in the US. Play video Mustang Shelby GT350R is a two-seat terror on the track 4:21 November 2, 2016 We knew the new Shelby would be fast when going in a straight line. We didn't know how great it'd be the rest of the time. Play video AutoComplete: Hyundai builds a record-setting hybrid, GM's Maven teams up with Uber 1:34 November 2, 2016 Mercedes-Benz whips up another AMG SUV. Play video AutoComplete: Honda R&D hearts Tokyo over Silicon Valley 1:20 November 1, 2016 Ford's Raptor is ready to play dirty in Baja. Play video Top 5: Your favorite videos from On Cars 2:32 November 1, 2016 Brian Cooley runs down the most popular videos -- ever! -- from CNET On Cars. Play video Navdy guides drivers with over-the-dashboard view 2:45 October 31, 2016 Aftermarket head-up display Navdy shows navigation and communications in a driver's view, but the unit feels intrusive in smaller cars. Play video AutoComplete: Henrik Fisker is back with a new EV, the EMotion 1:29 October 31, 2016 Toyota may finally be primed for an all-electric Prius, and Mercedes previews a year's worth of all-new engines. Play video What's the point of an SUV? 5:35 October 31, 2016 SUVs are among the most popular cars on the road today, but why is that? Carfection explores their appeal and asks: Do we really need... Play video
NUEVOTEXTO
print 
Week 9 gave fantasy owners a fair share of logic games to play. 
Who's the real lead back in New Orleans? How will changes in Minnesota and Jacksonville affect the offenses? And just how much faith should you have in injured stars like Randall Cobb and Travis Benjamin trying to play through their ailments? 
There's also strategy to consider as the bye weeks fade, changing how rosters should be composed leading into the fantasy playoffs. 
INJURY REPORT 
Benjamin came into Week 9 with a PCL injury and promptly left the game early with more concerns, not returning to San Diego's win over the Titans. Benjamin will now likely sit through the Week 11 bye, if not longer. Fantasy players should consider adding Dontrelle Inman, who caught six passes for 56 yards on Sunday, and is owned in just 14 percent of CBSSports.com leagues. 
In other wait-and-see injury news, Jeremy Maclin re-injured his groin, Victor Cruz left with an ankle injury, Derrick Henry hurt his calf in warmups, Ryan Fitzpatrick left briefly (but returned) with a knee issue, Allen Hurns was concussed, Kenneth Dixon left late with a bruised chest, and Browns quarterback Cody Kessler had X-rays on a leg. 
THE SAINTS GO RUNNING IN 
Mark Ingram was benched in the first quarter last week after an untimely fumble, and didn't see another carry in the game. In Week 9, against the league's worst run defense, Ingram was out-carried by teammate Tim Hightower, 23 to 15, but still managed 158 rushing yards and a touchdown. Hightower, while not as effective as Ingram, still had a solid fantasy game, with 87 rushing yards and a touchdown of his own. 
But this game was against the 49ers, a run defense looking like it will be historically bad (and, therefore, wonderfully fruitful for fantasy owners to start their running backs against). The New Orleans backfield is headed down the path of a frustrating timeshare, with neither back running clearly ahead of the other. Ingram and Hightower owners may want to consider trading them away to owners unaware of how poor the San Francisco run defense is. 
TIME TO LOAD UP ON RUNNING BACK HANDCUFFS 
The two weeks of heavy byes are now behind us, so expect a flurry of activity on the fantasy waiver wire this week as teams drop their fringe players for handcuffs and security. A few under-the-radar players to consider include: 
— Kapri Bibbs: the handcuff to Broncos running back Devontae Booker, who is playing with an injured shoulder. Bibbs had a brilliant 69-yard touchdown reception against the Raiders Sunday. 
— Alfred Morris: the handcuff to Cowboys running back Ezekiel Elliott. 
— Kenneth Farrow: the backup to Chargers running back Melvin Gordon. 
— Kenneth Dixon: the backup to Ravens running back Terrance West. 
MISCELLANEOUS 
— If you're still holding on to — or holding out hope for — Devin Funchess (one catch for 28 yards in Week 9), it is safe to drop him for one of the handcuffs listed above. 
— Cordarrelle Patterson caught six passes for 45 yards, but dropped what could have been the game-winning touchdown late in the fourth quarter of Minnesota's loss to Detroit. While Patterson's recent involvement in the pass game wasn't stunted with the resignation of offensive coordinator Norv Turner, a wide-open drop in the end zone at a crucial moment in the game won't help his cause. 
— The Jaguars also changed coordinators coming into Week 9, and the move had no effect on receiver Marqise Lee, who caught four passes for 84 yards. Lee is averaging 68 receiving yards over his last four games. With 453 total yards this season, Lee — owned in nine percent of CBS leagues — is the Jacksonville leader in that category. 
— One stark change in Jacksonville was the emergence of Chris Ivory, who ran the ball 18 times for 107 yards and a touchdown. T.J. Yeldon, meanwhile, caught five passes for 32 yards and a touchdown. New Jags offensive coordinator Nathaniel Hackett ran a two-back system in Buffalo in 2013 and 2014 with Fred Jackson and C.J. Spiller. Jackson led the team in receptions in 2014. So while Yeldon owners may try to pawn off their back after seeing Ivory dominate the carries, fantasy owners in point-per-reception leagues could get a shrewd buy-low pickup. 
— Ronnie Hillman ran seven times for 30 yards and caught one pass for 32 yards for a Vikings run game that is lacking a breakout performer. While Hillman may not fully supplant Jerrick McKinnon (seven attempts for 8 yards) or Matt Asiata (nine attempts for 27 yards), the Vikings — who have lost three in a row — are reeling and could give Hillman an opportunity in hopes of turning their fortunes around. 
BYES 
Next week, the Bills, Lions, Colts, and Raiders are on bye. 
___ 
This column was provided to The Associated Press by the Fantasy Sports Network, http://FNTSY.com More from Associated Press: 
NUEVOTEXTO
A flat first half gave way to a dominant second half, and the Baltimore Ravens dispatched the Cleveland Browns 28-7 at M&T Bank Stadium on Thursday night to capture their second straight win and improve to 5-4.
The cellar-dwelling Browns, however, dropped to 0-10 after allowing 25-plus points for the 10th straight game.
It took some time for Baltimore's offense to click, but quarterback Joe Flacco led a strong aerial attack with 296 yards, three touchdowns and two interceptions while completing 73.2 percent of his passes. According to WBAL's Pete Gilbert , Thursday marked Flacco's first three-touchdown game since a November 2015 showdown with the Jacksonville Jaguars.
Baltimore's rushing attack provided supplementary stability on a night when Terrance West and Kenneth Dixon served as an effective one-two punch. West rushed for 65 yards on 21 carries, and Dixon added 80 total yards in his role as a dual-threat playmaker out of the backfield.
Cleveland used a stout defensive start as a springboard, and it took a 7-3 lead midway through the second quarter when Cody Kessler —who went 11-of-18 for 91 yards and one touchdown on the night — found seldom-seen tight end Seth DeValve for a 25-yard score after he beat Eric Weddle, as the NFL documented on Twitter: 
Yes, that's @CodyKessler6 out here dropping dimes!

TOUCHDOWN @BROWNS . #CLEvsBAL #TNF https://t.co/SSBOLuKDL0 
— NFL (@NFL) November 11, 2016 With the Browns fresh off a seven-play, 75-yard drive, The MMQB's Albert Breer observed that Kessler has looked the part of a legitimate starting quarterback:
Hard not to like you see from Cody Kessler. Great demeanor, good head for the position, and looks like he has solid feel in the pocket.
— Albert Breer (@AlbertBreer) November 11, 2016 Cleveland held a 7-6 lead at halftime, and the defense deserved a load of credit.
Not only did the Browns make Flacco pay with an interception that halted a potential scoring drive, but linebacker Jamie Collins —whom the team  acquired from the New England Patriots on Oct. 31 —was flying around the field and thriving as a pass-rusher, run-stopper and defender in coverage, according to CBS Sports' Dane Brugler: 
Like the #Browns using LB Jamie Collins inside and outside. Blitzing from different angles, dropping in coverage. Letting him be an athlete.
— Dane Brugler (@dpbrugler) November 11, 2016 NFL Network's Ian Rapoport noted Collins looked more polished and dynamic Thursday night than he did during his first seven games of the season:
The Jamie Collins you're seeing tonight is the 1 the #Patriots believed was part of their core during his 1st 3 years...not the one from '16
— Ian Rapoport (@RapSheet) November 11, 2016 Collins frustrated the Ravens in the first half, but Baltimore bounced back with a strong statement in the third quarter.
Flacco hit tight end Darren Waller for a four-yard touchdown to help the Ravens grab a 13-7 lead, and a Jerraud Powers interception against backup signal-caller Josh McCown —who replaced Kessler one drive into the third quarter —further flustered the Browns. 
A Steve Smith Sr. score from 11 yards out and the subsequent two-point conversion late in the third quarter put the Ravens up by 14 points. The 37-year-old's combination of speed and physicality allowed him to slice through Cleveland's secondary, as the NFL showed:
He's still got it! @89SteveSmith crosses the plane for a @Ravens TD! #CLEvsBAL #TNF https://t.co/iMemx4ne2J 
— NFL (@NFL) November 11, 2016 Along with putting the Ravens up by two scores, Smith's 11-yard catch allowed him to pass Reggie Wayne for No. 8 on the NFL's all-time receiving yardage leaderboard, according to Patrick Gleason of the Ravens' public relations department.
While the Ravens seized control, the Browns continued to sputter. 
Kessler's benching snapped the offense out of its rhythm, and Weddle picked off McCown less than two minutes into the fourth quarter to halt the Browns' thoughts of a comeback. 
Cleveland has lost seven of the last nine games it has led at halftime, and uncertainty under center has the team trapped in no man's land.
That's bad news for a team that's still in search of its first win and has a tough remaining schedule. Cleveland is slated to host the Pittsburgh Steelers and New York Giants in Weeks 11 and 12, respectively, before its Week 13 bye, and a closing stretch that includes showdowns against the Cincinnati Bengals, Buffalo Bills, San Diego Chargers and Steelers is anything but a cakewalk.
In other words, a winless season is in play if the Browns don't find sources of stability in a hurry.
The story differs for the Ravens, who rebounded following a listless start Thursday night.
Head coach John Harbaugh's squad maintained control of first place in the AFC North with the win, and the triumph will allow the Ravens to exhale as they get set to clash with the Dallas Cowboys on Nov. 20.
Staving off the Steelers and capturing the division crown won't be easy, but the Ravens defense has proven to be capable of taking over and winning games if the offense can scratch out a few scores.
NUEVOTEXTO
By Alexandria Sage | LOS ANGELES 
Electric cars are taking a back seat to more profitable trucks and sport utility vehicles at this year’s Los Angeles Auto Show, a venue that recently has been a showcase for green cars. Despite Tesla Motors’ ( TSLA.O ) bold bet on consumer demand for all-electric vehicles, traditional automakers at the show are pushing the trucks and SUVs that generate fat profits, in a reflection of how cheaper gasoline is influencing consumer spending. To view the upcoming all-electric Chevy Bolt, billed by General Motors ( GM.N ) as the future of electric vehicles, a potential buyer must first wade through myriad displays of trucks and SUVs at the Chevrolet section. 
Underscoring how big trucks are still the meat and potatoes of the traditional auto industry – and extremely popular in Southern California – Chevrolet constructed a rugged off-road circuit on Tuesday to show off the power of its off-road pickup, the 2017 Colorado ZR2. 
Chevrolet’s Marketing Director Steve Majoros told Reuters brands such as the Bolt “are important to our business, important to our image, but they kind of live on the fringes when it comes to volume.” 
Majoros said there was “a lot of built-up demand” for the Bolt ahead of its advertising launch in key markets on Dec. 1. 
However, Chevrolet officials won’t say how many have been ordered or what planned production volumes are. Suppliers said they expect the Bolt initially will be produced at a rate of about 20,000 to 30,000 a year. 
Tesla Motors Inc ( TSLA.O ), Silicon Valley’s luxury electric carmaker, says it has had nearly 400,000 pre-orders for its Model 3 sedan due in 2018 and is accelerating production by a factor of five to meet future demand. 
Electric vehicles are currently a money-losing burden for carmakers forced to comply with federal fuel efficiency rules and even more rigorous standards in California, which mandates that 15 percent of carmakers’ sales must come from emissions-free vehicles by 2025. 
Market demand, however, is shifting toward trucks and sport utilities. The National Automobile Dealers Association says a predicted 17.1 million new car and truck sales in 2017 would favor light-truck sales, making up an expected 60 percent of the market, up from 50 percent in 2013. 
Low fuel prices are behind a five-year decline in green vehicle sales, which is undercutting efforts by automakers to build economies of scale for new technology, said Hyundai Motor America Chief Executive Dave Zuchowski. 
“That’s a particularly disheartening metric,” Zuchowski told auto dealers at the AutoConferenceLA gathering on Tuesday. 
Facing expensive upfront costs and a mostly indifferent public – yet mandated to meet fuel efficiency standards – some brands are experimenting only modestly with electrification. 
GMC showed off its Sierra 1500 with eAssist that combines a V8 engine with a 0.45 kWh lithium-ion battery pack to improve fuel economy by as much as 13 percent. 
The battery, which adds $1,125 to the price, is not large enough to qualify for clean air credits in California. 
GMC built only 200 vehicles for 2016 for the California market and most have been sold. GMC is still weighing how many to make for next year, said Stuart Pierce, senior marketing manager for GMC. 
“We’re trying to gauge receptiveness right now,” said Pierce, who added that truck customers “maybe wouldn’t be ready to go so far” as a hybrid or fully-electric vehicle. 
Audi ( VOWG_p.DE ) and Jaguar [TAMOJL.UL] plan to release electric SUVs in 2018, and BMW ( BMWG.DE ) will launch an electric Mini in 2019. Audi parent company Volkswagen says it will build 30 new electric vehicles by 2025. 
But Volkswagen’s offering this year at the show? The 2017 Atlas SUV with a gasoline engine. 
“We are expanding VW’s line up to meet America’s demand for SUVs,” said Hinrich Woebcken, Volkswagen of America CEO. 
(Reporting By Alexandria Sage; Editing by Joseph White and Alan Crosby) Share This:
NUEVOTEXTO
The coming weeks offer big new showcases for the humble electric-vehicle.
Auto makers, rushing to meet tightening emissions standards, are unveiling new battery-powered vehicles at the Los Angeles Auto Show this week, mirroring last month's flood of such cars by European companies. These curtain-raisers will be followed by first shipments of General Motors Co.'s Chevrolet Bolt, a $35,000 Tesla fighter that goes on sale next month.
What's missing are consumers, however. Auto makers are suffering from a glut of U.S. sedan and coupe inventory amid strong demand for light-trucks. The coming addition of electric-vehicle capacity could worsen that oversupply if shoppers continue to prefer pickups and sport-utility vehicles to plug-in cars.
Globally, sales of plug-in electric cars are up in 2016, driven by Chinese customers taking advantage of aggressive tax rebates and other incentives. But total volumes remain less than 1% of the 83 million light-vehicles likely to be sold this year. Tesla Motors Inc.'s pricey electrics aside, cars like Nissan Motor Co.'s Leaf and BMW AG's i3 haven't widely caught on, and many auto makers say it is unclear when demand for electric vehicles will blossom.
That is sobering news for executives hoping they will help meet tougher emissions standards. China, Europe and the U.S. have established regulations prodding development of electric cars. Whether tax incentives and extensive efforts to lower battery costs can spur demand in the short term isn't a sure bet.
Moody's Investors Service predicts 19 new electric models will go on sale in the U.S. alone by 2020, potentially tripling what is currently available. Auto makers presenting in California this week, including Tata Motors Ltd.'s Jaguar and Hyundai Motor Co., are expected to give updates on how they will compete in this electrification race, and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV will show off a plug-in version of its popular Pacifica minivan for the first time just before the Los Angeles Auto Show opens.
European auto makers have gotten more optimistic on electrics in the wake of Volkswagen AG's emissions-cheating scandal, which tarnished diesel's image as a green alternative to gasoline. Volkswagen and Mercedes-Benz parent Daimler AG, which combined sell 13 million vehicles a year, predict electrics will account for between 15% and 30% of all vehicle sales by 2025.
Not everyone is as bullish.
At the Paris auto show, for instance, BMW AG sales chief Ian Robertson said diesel will remain the preferred energy source in Europe even in the wake of Volkswagen's problems. "We see some gasoline plug-in hybrids replacing diesels, but it's inconclusive," he said. "There doesn't appear to be a tipping point...anytime soon."
Researcher IHS Automotive expects the launch of new EVs to quadruple annual U.S. electric-car sales to around 320,000 by 2020, still less than 2% of the current market. Selling them will require heavy government incentives amid continued cheap gasoline and America's love for SUVs, it believes.
"There really isn't enough of a market to do justice to all of the development and effort being put into EVs," IHS analyst Paul Lacy said.
Toyota Motor Corp., a critic of pure electric vehicles and heavily dependent on sales of light trucks and hybrid vehicles that require gasoline for most travel, said on Tuesday it is reluctantly changing course. "Though electric vehicles have many issues such as its range, and the length of recharging time and battery performance, depending on the energy situation in each country and region, and infrastructure, we would like to get ourselves ready to commercialize them," said Takahiko Ijichi, Toyota's executive vice president.
The International Energy Agency, an energy policy advisory group whose 29 members include the U.S., Germany and Japan, said in its 2016 electric vehicle outlook that it "will require substantive policy support to accelerate the momentum" of adoption of electric cars. Highlighting the difficulty of matching ambitious sales goals with real demand, Japan this year slashed its targets for electric vehicles and charging stations in half to one million electric vehicles and more than one million charging stations by 2020.
There are positive developments, including big investments coming in the U.S., China and Europe for charging stations. Costs for lithium-ion batteries have fallen 65% since 2010 -- to about $350 per kwh in 2015 -- and are expected to continuing falling, say analysts.
This could lead to a decline in EV development costs even as the cost to create cars with conventional engines rises. "At some point these two curves will cross," Volkswagen Chief Executive Matthias Müller said. "Exactly when that is we can't say,"
Hyundai's vice president of product planning, Mike O'Brien, last week said the company isn't looking for governments or oil-price fluctuations to drive change. "The market is going to switch and the dominant player in the marketplace will be millennials," he said. Shifting demographics and urbanization "will by themselves contribute to a significant change of electrified vehicles adoption, separate from fuel price and regulation."
--Adrienne Roberts contributed to this article.
Write to William Boston at william.boston@wsj.com and John D. Stoll at john.stoll@wsj.com
More from MarketWatch Trump drops a big tax clue in debate -- here’s what it means At Ohio State, Reactions Vary to Lewd Trump Video Vice-Presidential Debate in Two Minutes
NUEVOTEXTO
NASCAR entry in Texas Sprint Cup race touts presidential candidate Sporting News 58 mins ago Joe Rodgers Click to expand Replay Video ForbesLife Car Guide: The Best Of 2017 From intelligent engines to a virtual cockpit, the best autos for 2017 offer greater performance and souped-up luxury. Here are a few honorable mentions from the ForbesLife Guide To Cars 2017. Forbes Mercedes just announced their first pickup truck — and it’s gorgeous 4x4 in style Business Insider Guess What Uber's Promising Now: Flying Cars Forget self-driving cars, Uber has a new one for you... flying cars. The company calls it Uber Elevate and within a decade it’ll be a global network of on demand urban electric aircraft that take off and land vertically. Wired Play Pause Seek i Volume Volume Volume Mute Unmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LO Full Screen Exit Full Screen Play Pause Volume Volume NASCAR.com's Texas preview show NASCAR See more videos SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next ForbesLife Car Guide: The Best Of 2017 Forbes 2:02 Mercedes just announced their first pickup truck — and it’s gorgeous Business Insider 1:14 Guess What Uber's Promising Now: Flying Cars Wired 3:10 2017 Five Least Reliable New Cars Consumer Reports 1:43 2017 Most Reliable American Cars Consumer Reports 1:53 Will we see a Microsoft car? The Wall Street Journal. 1:14 With a whopping 820 HP, Bisimoto Porsche 930 is one wild ride Esquire 1:13 Elon Musk Says Every New Tesla Will Drive Itself Wired 2:04 America's Weirdest Driving Laws Wired 2:07 Drivers are wasting $2.1 billion on premium gas a year Business Insider 1:18 Taking the Polaris Slingshot for a spin Esquire 1:06 BMW is building a self-balancing motorcycle that looks like the 'Batcycle' Business Insider 1:43 A brief history of the Ford Bronco USA TODAY 0:56 This 1970 Dodge Charger was built on a budget over 10 years HOT ROD 2:26 Retiring solider surprised with complete makeover of '67 Dart Velocity 2:26 The Ford Bronco is coming back Road & Track 0:40 UP NEXT What better place to campaign for Donald Trump than at Texas Motor Speedway during a NASCAR Sprint Cup race weekend?
Research Make (e.g. Mazda) Acura Alfa Romeo AM General Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Dodge Eagle Ferrari Fiat Fisker Ford Genesis Geo GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion smart SRT Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Reed Sorenson will drive the No. 55 Toyota with a Trump-Pence paint scheme in Sunday's AAA 500 after two sponsors of Premium Motorsports stepped forward with the idea days before the presidential election.
Trump faces Hillary Clinton in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Balloting concludes Nov. 8.
Sorenson, who hasn't led a lap all season, qualified 38th in the field of 40 cars in Sunday's Sprint Cup race.
MORE: Sunday's Sprint Cup lineup | Keep an eye on Chase drivers
"We've got advertising space to sell. Our revenue stream is our NASCAR purse money and sponsorship money. (A couple sponsors) wanted to do it and we weren't against it," team owner Jay Robinson told ESPN .
. @premiummotrspts and @reedsorenson36 to run @realDonaldTrump paint scheme @txmotorspeedway #NASCAR pic.twitter.com/mQAeQmp5ax
— Speedway Digest (@speedwaydigest) November 2, 2016 The car's sponsors wished to remain anonymous.
PHOTOS: 2016 Sprint Cup race winners
2016 NASCAR Sprint Cup race winners Go to MSN Home
NUEVOTEXTO
11m ago • 4 min read 
In a year in which there do not seem to be an overabundance of "it guys" in the coaching ranks, more attention should be paid to the work being done by New Orleans Saints offensive coordinator Pete Carmichael. Drew Brees is having his best season in years and is doing so despite a defense that will readily prove no lead is ever truly safe. 
Another crop of young position players are starting to develop on the offensive side of the ball as well. Carmichael has learned well from Sean Payton, one of the best coaches in the game, and goes into each Sunday knowing that his unit may have to score into the mid-30s to remain competitive. There is a real pressure inherent in that. 
Carmichael is not one to politic for jobs or kudos, but with the Saints inching back into the playoff picture despite their limitations on defense (they just gave up 500 yards to the 49ers for goodness sake), he's someone who is worthy of having owners doing their homework on him. The Saints are averaging 30.25 offensive points per game, second only to Atlanta (31.55), and Atlanta Falcons offensive coordinator Kyle Shanahan is a virtual lock to be heavily interviewed for head coaching gigs this winter. Baltimore Ravens 
Give credit to Ravens secondary coach Leslie Frazier for Baltimore's airtight approach to the Pittsburgh Steelers last week. Pittsburgh literally did nothing through the air until the fourth quarter, after falling behind 21-0, and scouts could see a lot of Frazier's Tampa-2 influence in the game plan. 
"It looked to me like they were running a lot of what Leslie is know for," one scout said. "You can tell he is working well with (defensive coordinator) Dean Pees. That team went into the bye saying they needed to tackle better and be smarter and more fundamentally sound, and that's how they played against Pittsburgh." Denver Broncos 
I give it two weeks, tops, before Paxton Lynch is running the Broncos offense. He has too much upside and there's too much predictability and stagnation from the offense now. Trevor Siemian has some limitations, the Broncos are in a tough division, and with the defense slipping some due to injuries and otherwise, they are not a team that is going to be able to play from behind as presently constructed. Dallas Cowboys 
Looking for an unsung hero for the Dallas Cowboys' rise? Drew Fabianich, their national scout, has a major role in setting the draft board and cross checking regional scouts and the Cowboys have been on a roll selecting players in recent years. That's not an organization that spreads the accolades around -- and frankly they'd be pretty happy for you to believe that Jerry Jones is picking the players -- but they have a lot of good football men there who have played a big role in the rise of this franchise. Jacksonville Jaguars 
Is all that speed on the Jags defense manifesting itself in positive ways? I asked a scout who has watched them a few times recently about former first-round pick Dante Fowler , midway through what amounts to his rookie year as he missed all of 2015 due to injury. 
"I see the same kid I saw in college," the evaluator said. "He'll make a big play or two but give up a few more. He's still a little undersized and really he should be playing only on third down, but who else do they have? I like him and I think in a few years he'll be a player for the next staff that comes in there, but it's going to take some time." Los Angeles Rams 
Have yet to hear from a scout or executive in the league who can make a case for the Rams sticking with Case Keenum at quarterback. 
"The problem for [coach Jeff] Fisher now is," one exec said, "he's taking this thing out so long, that he's sort of damned if he does and damned if he doesn't. If [Jared] Goff comes in and doesn't [urinate] down his leg, then everyone will say, 'Why didn't you play him a month ago?' And if he does came in and [urinate] down his leg, well, then, 'Why did you trade up to [first overall] for him?'" Pittsburgh Steelers 
The Steelers feel like they will have a much more fluid offense this week against Dallas. They never got going against Baltimore and they feel like Ben Roethlisberger worked through some of the initial kinks in his first game back after a minor knee surgery and will be better for it this week. Seattle Seahawks 
The Seahawks had been praying they could reach a point where Russell Wilson 's legs could become a bigger part of their game plan, and Monday night those questions were answered. The Seahawks knew the read-option looks and designed runs for Wilson were a big part of what made them effective, but even they didn't fully appreciate the extent to which it tempered opposing defenses until Wilson was hobbled by injuries. He looked refreshed and vibrant against the Buffalo Bills , and while Seattle's defense was an issue, getting Michael Bennett and Kam Chancellor back in the coming weeks will be a boost for that side of the ball.
NUEVOTEXTO
Dillon, out of Chase, earns pole in Texas Sporting News 1 hr ago Rea White © Getty Images Austin Dillon Austin Dillon will start from the pole position in Sunday’s Texas AAA 500 at Texas Motor Speedway.
Pumped. #CoorsLightPole https://t.co/sSOyXOSE1G
— NASCAR (@NASCAR) November 4, 2016
Dillon, who qualified for the Chase but was eliminated before this round, won the pole with a lap of 192.301 mph. Chase contender Joey Logano will start alongside him on the front row. Kevin Harvick, Brad Keselowski and Kyle Larson also qualified in the top five.
Research Make (e.g. Mazda) Acura Alfa Romeo AM General Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Daewoo Dodge Eagle Ferrari Fiat Fisker Ford Genesis Geo GMC Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda McLaren Mercedes-Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Ram Rolls-Royce Saab Saturn Scion smart SRT Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo "Man, that's huge," Dillon said on the NBC broadcast. "... It is our second pole of the year, and I can't be happier for RCR and everybody back at the shop. A lot of hard word and effort goes on. We missed the Chase by just two feet. We want to prove that we can win a race by the end of this year.
"This is big for us."
MORE: Eight drivers to watch at Texas
Even though he is no longer in Chase contention, this is just another sign of improvement for this Richard Childress Racing team.
"Truthfully I felt like together as a team, our team is very strong," he said. "We've just been missing here and there. It is going to be good to have another year with this group of guys to see what we can do next year."
Other Chase drivers in the top 10 are Matt Kenseth (seventh), Carl Edwards (ninth) and Kurt Busch (10th).
MORE: Racing against teammates gets tougher in Chase
Kyle Busch, running in a backup car after an incident in the opening practice session , had a water leak early in the second session causing him to park it between sessions.He will start 24th on Sunday, deepest among Chase contenders.
ICYMI - No.18 will be unable to continue in qualifying due to a water leak. He will start 24th Sunday. pic.twitter.com/KgpCzqU3FH
— Joe Gibbs Racing (@JoeGibbsRacing) November 4, 2016
Crew chief Adam Stevens said that in hurrying to change the motor, the lower radiator hose apparently wasn't completely clamped into place.
"We’re going to start 24th and get after them from there," he said.
MORE: Johnson hungers for that record-tying title
Fellow Chase drivers Denny Hamlin and Jimmie Johnson also will start deeper in the field than expected. Johnson, who is already locked into the Chase for the championship finale at Homestead by virtue of his win at Martinsville, will start 19th. Hamlin will start 17th.
Harvick and Edwards were the fastest in that round.
Logano was fastest in the opening round, leading Kyle Busch and Harvick to put three Chase drivers at the front of the field in the segment. All eight Chase drivers advanced to the second round of qualifying.
Here is the full starting lineup.
Pos. No. Driver Brand 1 3 Austin Dillon Chevy 2 22 Joey Logano Ford 3 4 Kevin Harvick Chevy 4 2 Brad Keselowski Ford 5 42 Kyle Larson Chevy 6 27 Paul Menard Chevy 7 20 Matt Kenseth Toyota 8 21 Ryan Blaney # Ford 9 19 Carl Edwards Toyota 10 41 Kurt Busch Chevy 11 24 Chase Elliott # Chevy 12 78 Martin Truex Jr. Toyota 13 13 Casey Mears Chevy 14 47 AJ Allmendinger Chevy 15 1 Jamie McMurray Chevy 16 88 Alex Bowman Chevy 17 11 Denny Hamlin Toyota 18 31 Ryan Newman Chevy 19 48 Jimmie Johnson Chevy 20 17 Ricky Stenhouse Jr. Ford 21 43 Aric Almirola Ford 22 10 Danica Patrick Chevy 23 14 Tony Stewart Chevy 24 18 Kyle Busch Toyota 25 16 Greg Biffle Ford 26 6 Trevor Bayne Ford 27 15 Clint Bowyer Chevy 28 95 Michael McDowell Chevy 29 44 Brian Scott # Ford 30 34 Chris Buescher # Ford 31 5 Kasey Kahne Chevy 32 7 Regan Smith Chevy 33 83 Matt DiBenedetto Toyota 34 38 Landon Cassill Ford 35 93 Ryan Ellis Toyota 36 23 David Ragan Toyota 37 46 Michael Annett Chevy 38 55 Reed Sorenson Toyota 39 32 Joey Gase Ford 40 30 Josh Wise Chevy
Go to MSN Home
NUEVOTEXTO
